>ECK125137714_aaeBp3_reverse_3388263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaccagcaagagaacatctggcctgcgggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactggcaaAcaagatcgcgacgaaagcca
>ECK125137420_acpSp2_reverse_2701137_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttaacgccggacacggtctgacctatcAcaacgtgaaagccattgccg
>ECK125137421_acpSp3_reverse_2701162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagagctggcgcgtatcgccaaagccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttAacgccggacacggtctgacc
>ECK120016719_ahpFp_forward_639002_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tagatgtccttgattaacaccaaaattaaaccttttaaaaaccaggcattcaaaaacggcGaattcatcgaaatcaccgaa
>ECK125137463_alaEp1_forward_2799070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattttatctacaaaaactgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatagccaGcgatatacgctatgcgaaaa
>ECK125137369_alaXp2_reverse_2518279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacattcggGcggaattcatatgatgccgc
>ECK125136365_ampDp5_forward_118681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggttatagcggcgaggcggcatgttaaaactccagatagctaacgaatcataaggtaGaaacatgctactctgaaccg
>ECK125136491_ampGp5_reverse_453627_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatcgccgatgcggttaacagtgtgctgaccgataccatcgctgatatgtctcaggacAccagcatccacgaattcatc
>ECK125136359_apaHp4_reverse_51293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcaatcattgaaaccccgctgggcaccatgcagggtcactacgaaatgatcgatgaaaAtggcgtccctttcagcatcg
>ECK125137294_apbEp1_reverse_2311594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagttctaatctcgattgatatcgaacaaagggcctgcgggcccttttttcattgttttcAgcgtacaaactcagtttttt
>ECK125136669_aqpZp2_reverse_916212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctaaaggattaaatcttttgcgtgcactacactgtcaatcagacaaatgactatatgggGcaacccgctgttgccctaaa
>ECK125137992_arpAp1_reverse_4222629_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acttttattaactcagcattatttttaaacatcaaaccacttaattattaacaaaatcgcAagatctcattccaccgaaac
>ECK125137076_astEp3_reverse_1827069_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgggcggtgaatccggcggtgatgatgaacgatacgctgtttaatgcgctcaatgactgGgtggatcgttactaccgcga
>ECK125136915_azoRp1_reverse_1482873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacaagcaacggggcatcgcccattcaaacatctAtaaggaaacaccatgagcaa
>ECK125136916_azoRp6_reverse_1482927_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctatgcgttgttcaataaattcgaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgtggcAggattgtgaataaagtgtca
>ECK120009966_bacAp_reverse_3204175_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagaaaataattaattttacagctgttaaaccaaacggttataacctggtcatacgcagTagttcggacaagcggtacat
>ECK120010006_bamAp_forward_197821_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgctgttccttgcgatcgaaaagatcaagggcggaccggtatccgagcgggttcaagacTtttgttatcgcattggctcg
>ECK120016583_bamAp2_forward_197026_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcggaagcacaaattgcaccaggtacggaactaaaagccgtagatggtatcgaaacgcctGattgggatgccgtgcgtttg
>ECK120016567_bamBp_reverse_2638975_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaatacttatggtgcgctggcttctttggaacttgcgcagcaatttgttgacaaaaatgaActagagaaagctgccgccca
>ECK120009993_bamCp_reverse_2599014_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgcgttattaatcagcgtctgatgccattacacaacaaactatttgtcgaacccaatccAatcccggtgaaatgggcatg
>ECK120010008_bamDp_forward_2736006_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgatctaagcgttgaccgagttggttttcggacaccgttgcagtgagctgtactcgttgTgccatatatactgcttcttc
>ECK120016572_bamDp2_forward_2735961_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttattcgcgaacgtgaataatccgggaacatttcggccaaagcctgatctaagcgttgAccgagttggttttcggacac
>ECK120009964_bamEp_forward_2753486_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggcgaatgcgaaagaactgcttgcagcgtaaacttttttcctgcttcacggtcagagtaaAcagcaaaacgccgtaagacc
>ECK120016566_bepAp1_forward_2616068_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gccgttacactcaaaggcggcgcggtgggaacgatatttcacagtatcggtcaaatgactAtctccagaaatacaggatag
>ECK125135037_bhsAp_forward_1169033_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttatcgatcgttaagtAattgcttgcgacgtcattca
>ECK125137842_bisCp4_reverse_3716415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagattattcctgggaatactcggaaatttgtaagtaatatttaactgctcaatacatctAacctttcaggagtcttcggt
>ECK125137288_ccmHp1_reverse_2292621_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcagggcatccgcgtggtcggcatgaactataaagacgatcgccagaaggcaatcagctGgctgaaagagctgggcaatc
>ECK125137074_chbGp4_reverse_1817242_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaatttaacgatgtgttactggcgctaaaccttagtccgttggtgcattccgatcgcgAtgctgagctgctggcacgcg
>ECK125136563_citTp4_reverse_646632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctcagtccaggcggcagtgctgacctactgatccttacctggtttttagcacagatttAattatttaagcacttgataa
>ECK125137207_cldp9_reverse_2098310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcctatagcattcacgaggattatcgctaaactatgcggacttggaaatttccgtcagttAgggtaatgatgagagtagaa
>ECK120033258_clpXp_forward_457202_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attctgaaagttaaagggcgcatgaatgaacttatggcgcttcatacgggtcaatcattaGaacagattgaacgtgatacc
>ECK125136579_cobCp7_reverse_669944_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggtgaatcatgtgaggatttattgccggaaccggtactgacttacattaaccaacaagGcttgtatcgctgatacctgt
>ECK125137971_cpxAp1_reverse_4105101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatctgggtcaggtggtttcccgtgaacatttaagccaggaagtgttgggcaaacgcctGacgcctttcgaccgcgctat
>ECK125136566_crcBp4_reverse_658008_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagatgtaacagcaaactgtcctgcggcaaccagcattgccacctcctgtcagagtcgtAaaattcgccaacgacgatta
>ECK125136734_csgGp1_reverse_1101755_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccaaccgcgatggtcaattgcagttgaacgtgacagatcgtaaaaccggacaaacctcgAccatccaggtttcgggttta
>ECK125137460_csiRp3_forward_2795471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaattctgcgagcagaaggaagcgaaattcgcttgcgaatgtggctttatccgtggctcAcctggctagtcatcggcttt
>ECK125136998_cspFp8_forward_1641846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaaaaactatagctttcttcaggaacgtgtgtatagtgcgccaagttatcagtattaaGgaatttttttgtcccgtaaa
>ECK125136716_cspHp13_reverse_1051373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcaaacagggctttaatacagaaactacttagtgttcaggagagagactcaaaagaagGggataatgcctgataatgag
>ECK125136717_cspHp14_reverse_1051304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacGcagctattaacgcatgataa
>ECK120034942_cyaRp_forward_2167114_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggaaaattcttagaaaccgatcacatacagctgcatttattaaggttatcatccgtttcGctgaaaaacataacccataa
>ECK125136920_cybBp5_forward_1490761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactttactcatggttttctcctgtcaggaacgttcggatgaaaattgatcctttccaaGcttagaccaggatggcggga
>ECK125136674_cydCp5_reverse_929400_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatccctgttcgctattactgttggatgaacccgctgccagccttgatgctcacagtgaAcagcgcgtaatggaggcgct
>ECK125137379_cysZp1_forward_2531383_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaactttcacagcacaaagatagatgaaatcgtgctttttgctgttttttcgaacataTcctaactgtccattgcgcaa
>ECK125136574_dacAp2_reverse_663967_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcacttttttaattccatcacggatgtcgtagttcaGaccatgaataccattttttc
>ECK125136884_dbpAp2_forward_1409338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagagtccacccaatgaccagagggaaatatgacgacacttatttatttgcaaattcctGtccctgaaccgattcctggc
>ECK125137803_dcrBp1_forward_3609767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtagcccggatgcctttatggctgaacactggatggaaatcgcgctggtcgattactGtttcaaagtgttaatcagta
>ECK125137684_deaDp1_reverse_3307909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaatacacctactttgagccggttcacacttttcaatgaaaattgctgatcaatttcatGatgagttatgtagactggcc
>ECK120010283_degPp_forward_180845_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaccttttgcagaaactttagttcggaacttcaggctataaaacgaatctgaagaacaCagcaattttgcgttatctgt
>ECK120009990_dsbCp_reverse_3038834_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accgagcgtctgcggcaacttcatcaacagcatcacccgcgggcgtgatgtctgaaaagaAcgggaagatttatgaagaaa
>ECK120016573_dsbCp2_reverse_3039633_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggaaaaaaatctggctgaaaatacgttgaacgcttaccgtcgcgatctgtcaatgatggtGgagtggttgcatcaccgcgg
>ECK125136388_dxrp1_forward_193471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaactgatgcagttctgatttcttgaacgacaaaaacgccgctcagtagatccttgcggAtcggctggcggcgttttgct
>ECK125136391_dxrp5_forward_193411_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagaaactgactgatgctgcaatcaagaaaattgaagcggcgctggcagacaaagaagcAgaactgatgcagttctgatt
>ECK125137315_elaAp4_reverse_2381686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgatgctgggtgccttcaccgcagtcaaacaaccaaagtccgctctgggtcggatgttGcaggttaagcaatattgccg
>ECK125136693_elfAp6_forward_997765_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttcagttaatatttaaatattcatgaaatctataaattaaagatttgtcacttattgGatttagtatgcttgatttaa
>ECK125136696_elfDp1_forward_998321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccatcacgccagacacagaaaccgggaacattttgttgcaggatggagatcagacgttgActtttaaagttgattatatc
>ECK125137358_emrYp1_reverse_2482334_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttctcttgatccaaaagaactcatggaacaccccttgcgtattggtttatcgatgacaGcaactattgatacgaagaac
>ECK125137730_envRp11_reverse_3413487_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaatacacattaggtgatagattaaccttcgctattttctcactctgtgtcgaatataTttatttcctgaataattaat
>ECK125137732_envRp13_reverse_3413601_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatatatattgatgtagtgaatgtatcttaggtaaAtaatatatattatttattta
>ECK125108721_eptBp_reverse_3710581_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgtgcttcatgcacactctttccccacactttttccctttgctgtggtctacttattcGcgcgtgtagattttacttat
>ECK120016711_essDp_forward_576873_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttaattttttcatcgtgagccctttttttgaactattattaaaaaatgatgtcactgcgcGataaatattcatctaatcaa
>ECK125136709_etkp1_reverse_1044303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatgctgtttgggcaatggctggaacagaaagagatcccggatccctatcgtaaaagtcAggacgcatttgaacatgtct
>ECK125136494_fadMp1_forward_464360_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accctgtaattaatttgcatagtggcaattttttgccagactgaagaggtcataccagttAtgacctctgtacttataaca
>ECK125136532_fimZp3_reverse_564607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatggcttttgatctggttgctgaacaagtgaacgaccgcgtctgattttctgatttaTttcgctatagcggcaaacaa
>ECK120010508_fkpAp1_reverse_3477525_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gagacagcactcatttcgcggtcatcgaaactaatttaaacaaaaagagtctgaaaatagAtgataatagggcgtgtctgt
>ECK125136749_flgNp1_reverse_1129914_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccggcagcagtgatatcaatcttgaacgtgtcgaagcgttaaaactggcgattcgtaAcggtgaactaaaaatggaca
>ECK125138032_frdDp1_reverse_4379473_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgctgcacaccaaaacctggtttgaactggcaccgaaagcggccaatatcattgtaaaAgacgaaaaaatgggaccaga
>ECK125138033_frdDp2_reverse_4379433_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggccaatatcattgtaaaagacgaaaaaatgggaccagagccaattatcaaaagtctcTgggcggtaactgtggttgcc
>ECK125136387_frrp6_forward_192849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttaatcagggctatacttagcacacttccactgtgtgtgactgtctggtctgactgagAcaagttttcaaggattcgta
>ECK120016720_ftnBp_forward_1986775_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atttcatcaatgaaatgtaaaaatatataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttatacccGttcagacgttattcttattt
>ECK125137687_ftsHp1_reverse_3327102_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtttcgatgagtatctaagggaaattcgctccctgtttacgaaggtcaaagttcGtaagccggactcttctcgtg
>ECK125137594_ftsPp1_reverse_3162851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacgtcagtcagtatggcAaagatcaggttcgtgagctg
>ECK125137792_ftsXp3_reverse_3602252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttggcattgcccgcgcggtggtgaacaagcccgcggtactgctggcggacgaaccgactGgtaacctggacgacgcgctg
>ECK120010066_fusAp_reverse_3473685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gataaatccatggctctgcgcctggcgaacgaactttctgatgctgcagaaaacaaaggtActgcagttaagaaacgtgaa
>ECK125136969_gadCp1_reverse_1570584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgtttaacggtaacggtgtcccgaaacgaacccgtttcgggacaatttccaaagtctGttcactggcattagcaacgg
>ECK125136970_gadCp5_reverse_1570527_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgttcactggcattagcaacggaaaatattgttctgaatacgcttcagaacaaaacagGtgcggttccgacaggaatac
>ECK125136711_gfcAp1_reverse_1049834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttacgcaccaccccgtcagtagctgaacaggagggacagctgatagaaacagaagccActggagaacctcaaaaacac
>ECK125137779_glgXp3_reverse_3571419_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtgaaatcctcaataccgattccatgcactatcacggcagtaatgcaggcaatggcgGcacggtacacagcgatgaga
>ECK125137618_glnEp1_reverse_3199698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgctattgcgaccgggcaacgcatcgaaattgaacatttccgtaatgaggcaaacaatcAggaaccgttctggttgcaca
>ECK125138010_gltPp1_forward_4294378_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagctctgttgttaaagggttgcgcaacataccgcgcaaatgatactgatcataagcgttAaaaaaatctacaaaccaacg
>ECK125138012_gltPp8_forward_4294268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcactaatcagtattattgcagattaaacaaataaaaatctttccataacaaatggttAttcattaatcctgccataaa
>ECK125136380_gluQp1_reverse_160143_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcatcgactgcaaaacgctggctgaaattcgcgaaaaacagatggctggctaattacaGccgttccatcacgtttacca
>ECK125137586_gprp1_forward_3147781_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcggttaaacgcggcatcgttgcactcctcagttggtgtttttttaagcaaagcataAgcacgtatttttgcccagtt
>ECK125137873_gpsAp8_reverse_3783681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggttaacttcgatgcgctgttcatgaactatttgcagcagcaggctggcgaaggtactGaagaacatcaggatgcctga
>ECK120016577_greAp2_reverse_3328853_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccctataaagtaaacgatgacccttcgggaacttcagggtaaaatgactatcaaaatgtgAattgtagctgacctgggact
>ECK120016717_gspAp4_reverse_3455634_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atggaaataattcacattaaaaataatcgaccctatgcttataaatataatcaatatattGatggcagcatctttattatg
>ECK125137488_gudDp1_reverse_2919513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgatgcgcccggtctgggcgtggaactggactgggaacaggtacaaaaggcacatgagGcctataaacgtctgcctggc
>ECK125137414_hcaTp1_reverse_2667863_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcgaatattcttatttttcaacttgcaccaacattcgattaaccccagactaacgcctCctgacgggagggactcatgg
>ECK120033255_hcpp2_reverse_914129_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcggcgttttttaatgatctggcccgtgaactgattgctattatgttgatccctgggctGattcgccgcagccgctctac
>ECK125136666_hcrp3_reverse_912200_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgacaccagacctgctggcggtgctgaacgagaaattcggcctgcgttctatcaccActgttgaagaagacatgaag
>ECK125137633_higAp8_reverse_3234341_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataaaacggagttggtggctctggggaacacgattgctaagggatatttcaaaaaacctGagtcattaaaagcagtattc
>ECK120009992_hlpAp_forward_200455_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgatgactttaggcgatcaatataagatcgccgggccacgcaaagaactgcaccctccggTgcaaatgggatggtaaggag
>ECK125137848_hokAp6_reverse_3720810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcactaacgcctttaggtttgggaattaaacctttttctccatgtttttcatagaggGcaacccatgtcctgacctgg
>ECK120035105_hokEp_forward_607731_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaagggtaagataacggcgggtgcctgaagctttccggtttcaggtttactctgaggtctGgaaagatgaagccccaggag
>ECK125138102_hsdSp1_reverse_4581502_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgtctgaactggatgcgctgatgcgtgaactgggggcgagcgatgaggccgatttgcAgcgtcagttgctggaagaag
>ECK125137532_hyuAp1_forward_3009919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcccgggtaaagaacctgaagcgcatgcacctaacgaaaaaacctggaaatctcacctgGtgacctgtgccgcgatgtac
>ECK125137533_hyuAp6_forward_3009830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcaaagcgccggttgttgataagtggaccttctcaactaacggcgtatctatcatggGccgtcacggcattccggtga
>ECK125137477_iapp6_forward_2876544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttcgggcgtttaggaagatttgaaattgttttagcgcagcggcagtttcatactatgGcggtaaaaaaatttgcatgg
>ECK125122036_ibaGp2_reverse_3336886_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggcgttaaccgcctgtccggcaaacctgcctgcaagtcgagccttgtctgatttatcAgcgaggctttttgcttattt
>ECK120010013_impp3_reverse_57336_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggccacgccaatgatttttccccaatactgcatatattccccaaatcgacacacggatatCagggctatctcccacaatat
>ECK125136474_insFp4_reverse_392660_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgtgaactggagatgtctaccgagattgcacgtctcaaacgccagctggcagaacgggAtgaagagctggctatcctcc
>ECK125136595_insHp3_reverse_689205_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttatacaaggcaaaccctgAaacagcatcagtacaaccta
>ECK125137849_insJp4_forward_3720594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaggtgaaaaataaaagcgtgaaacaaatcactattaaagaaagtaatctatatttctGcggcattcccagcctcctgt
>ECK120015517_insKp_forward_3721065_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aagctggtttacgcgcgctcaagattggcaccaaaagaaacattgcaatatcagttgatcCagaaaaagcggcatcagcat
>ECK125136533_intDp6_reverse_566101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcgaaaaaatggacgaggcactggctgaaattggttttgtatttggggagcaatggcgAtgacgcatcctcacgataat
>ECK125136886_intRp4_reverse_1413260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcctttaggtaagccagacagcaaacgagggattatctggtacaactatccaaagataAatcagtttatcaaagactca
>ECK125137383_intZp3_forward_2558693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccttaaactgatatacattgccgaacaatgtggtctttagtttcataagtcgttccctcAggaagaatcgatgattggca
>ECK125137410_iscAp6_reverse_2659962_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaccgatattgctgaagaacttgaactgccgccggtgaaaattcactgttctattctgGcagaagacgcgatcaaagcc
>ECK125137400_ispGp1_reverse_2641880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagtacagatccagtatcaagggaaacctgtcgatctgagtcgttttatcagaactaAccaggttgcgcgtctgaccc
>ECK125137401_ispGp4_reverse_2641950_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcgtaaagacggtaatttgaacttaaccggccaggcaccgtacaaactgaaaattGgtgcgccagccgcagtacag
>ECK125137118_kdgRp1_reverse_1910253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggggcaatggcaggccgtcggcctgaacttttggcataggaattttatatctttggtgaAtaatcaacaggggtatgatt
>ECK125137119_kdgRp8_reverse_1910125_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaacagttctgatttttAtaaaacactcgcaatgaggt
>ECK125136818_ldcAp9_reverse_1243197_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcgggttcgtatagtcatgctttgatgaacaacccgctaataacacaatcaaaaaggcAaaccatctcaatttcacttc
>ECK125137422_lepBp1_reverse_2705464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcacatcattgcgcgatccaccgtgaaacagctgcgtaaaaacgtactggctaaatgttAtggcggcgatatcagccgta
>ECK125136363_leuDp4_reverse_79594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctggctgctcaatgtgtctggcgatgaacaacgaccgtctgaatccgggcgaacgttGtgcctccaccagcaaccgta
>ECK125138110_lgoRp4_reverse_4595947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacattcatcgtagacatgattcggctctccactttttgttgccttagatatcaatgaaaAtgaaaaatggcagcggaacg
>ECK120016715_lhrp_forward_1728353_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
caagtaatatttgtcataatgcgcgctgcaatttatccgtattaagagaatcagatgtccGataacgctcaacttaccggt
>ECK125136572_lipBp2_reverse_662401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctatcaacgccactcatatcgagcaggttgaaacactgtatgaagaactgggcaaaatcgAtattgtccgcatggttctgt
>ECK125136781_litp1_forward_1198516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgacagagtgtccAgtgggcacggatggtgtctt
>ECK125136598_lntp4_reverse_690984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggcatcttccggcgcgtggcgaaactatcgacatcgacggttaccagttcaaagtggcGatggccgacagtcggcgtat
>ECK125136408_lpcAp1_forward_243468_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcacattgttgctgtttttatccgcacttcaggtcaaaaagtcctggtcatagcacctGcccgtacttctcgcttttgg
>ECK120030206_lptAp1_forward_3343326_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaacatttaactccagcggtctgaaaatgcGcggcaacttacgcagcaaga
>ECK120016578_lptBp_forward_3343396_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
acgcagcaagaacgccgagctgattgaaaaggttagaacatcctatgaaattcaaaacaaAcaaactcagccttaatcttg
>ECK120009997_lpxDp_forward_200960_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgccgttgcttacaacagcagcgatgtaaaagacatcactgccgacgtactgaaacaggTtaaataagtaatgccttcaa
>ECK120009962_lpxPp_forward_2495578_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgtcctgactagtctttacactctttacaggaaccattgtcgtacatgatggcccaaccaAttgagtgtaccgctgtcgac
>ECK120016707_malQp_reverse_3550399_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaatatctttatttttggtcataccgtggaacaagtgaaggcaattctggccaaaggctAcgacccggtgaaatggcgga
>ECK125136438_matAp1_reverse_311393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaataattaaacttaatctcgtttaacctttattgatatgtactacgtatcttatttaCttccggtttactaaggaaac
>ECK125136439_matAp5_reverse_311446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaaataAttaaacttaatctcgtttaa
>ECK125137487_mazGp4_reverse_2910860_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccgttcgaagttgttttatccggtcaggaacgtgatggcgtagcgttagctgatcagGtaaaaagtatcgcctggcgg
>ECK125136801_mcrAp10_forward_1210195_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggacgattaattgcagcaggaactcctcgccagaaggtggcgattatctatgatgttGgtgtgtcaactttgtataag
>ECK125136798_mcrAp7_forward_1210139_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacagggacgaattggtggacgtcgtcccaaacttacaccagaacaatgggcacaagctgGacgattaattgcagcaggaa
>ECK125137606_mdaBp1_forward_3172423_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcggtgagtcagagtaagAtcagacttttgctaaattcg
>ECK125137040_mdtKp10_forward_1743269_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttgcggtgccctgtacaatccccgtaaacatacttacaactcctgaaatcagttaagAcattctgttcagcacaatag
>ECK125138017_mdtPp6_reverse_4301236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggaactcggcgcaggcgctggataacgcactacagccggacagagcaggtcagtttgccGacgccctggagaaatacgct
>ECK125137261_mglCp6_reverse_2237959_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccagaaatattaatgctcgatgaaccgacgcgcggtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgAaatttatcagttaattgccg
>ECK125137262_mglCp9_reverse_2237923_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgaaatttatcagttaattgccgaactggcgaagaaagGcaaggggattattattatct
>ECK120030785_micAp_forward_2814802_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctccggtaatttttttaaaaattttctgaactctttcttcccaggcgagtctgagtatatGaaagacgcgcatttgttatc
>ECK125165944_micLp_reverse_1958747_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcactgcaaggtttatcaaaaattatggaacttattgcccatcgtgatgctccaatcattAtggccggagcaggagtccgt
>ECK125136810_minEp3_reverse_1224711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatgtgctggagatcctgcgcatcaaactcgtcggcgtgatcccagaggatcaatcagtAttgcgcgcctctaaccaggg
>ECK125136417_mmuPp1_forward_275119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtaagttgatgactcatgatgaaccctgttctatggctccagatgacaaacatgAtctcatatcagggacttgtt
>ECK125136418_mmuPp2_forward_275315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttctttggatgtttagatgtccatacgtttAgaaggttatatgcaaacaac
>ECK125136879_mppAp5_forward_1393054_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatgataccgaaaacgggtttgaacgtgcgaagcccgaacgtagtgttcggagttctAtgtgctttaccgcattttgg
>ECK125137291_mqop1_reverse_2306924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggacggcataatattacgacgctgacctggcggactgctgccgtcaggtcaatatgctAaaaatcccttcatttctaat
>ECK125137244_mrpp2_reverse_2194175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcagctgatggtttatctatacaaaaaaggAgtcgggatgaacgaacaatc
>ECK125137188_mtfAp1_forward_2043618_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttcagatggttgccatgatgccaggaaatttggcattttaacagtccctgtccgtgcaaTtttgttcaagtgacgagttt
>ECK125137500_mutHp5_forward_2969582_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgcagtgttgcgcaactcgattaccggcaacctaaaaagcaatataaatcagagaattGaacaacgcatgtggaaaaag
>ECK125138090_nanSp1_reverse_4537703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataatagtctattgattattggcggtgaaactgcaggcggcaaagcggtgacggattcaGttttgatcactgtgaaggat
>ECK120016713_narWp_reverse_1538687_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tggagtacgcatggtttaacaacgtcgaaaccaaaccgggcattggttatccgaaaaactGggaagatcaggaagagtggc
>ECK125136957_nhoAp2_forward_1533963_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaacgaaattaacgggattggcgatttgcgaacgtgatgcatgtccgcgatcgcacaaaAtagccggtgcggcgtctatt
>ECK125137061_nlpCp3_reverse_1792827_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatctggcgcaggcctatgggatgaattttcgccgtctggatatcgaaggtcacagaatGctgatttcgaccatctgatt
>ECK125137758_nudEp1_reverse_3526186_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaagttacataaatgtaaataacatgcaattcacattgccgaaagcgtgtccgatatcGcacaataaccgctgatttca
>ECK125137080_nudGp3_forward_1841438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggggatgaagatggcggtctagcacaggcactccttaaatataaagcctttctgattgaGcaacagtgcggatattatgg
>ECK125136930_opgDp4_forward_1496645_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accaggaagcggaagaacgcagtaaacgtcgctgtggtttgctttaaaatctgaccatccGcctttgcaaaaatttgcctg
>ECK125137359_oxcp10_reverse_2492130_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttgttgaagtggaacaaccgttgcgtggaaaatatctgaccgttggttgtccaatgaaAttctctgcctttacgccgga
>ECK125136755_pabCp1_forward_1153293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttttattccgacttgttccgtagtgaacatgctgccacactaacaattctctgataaggAgccggtatgttcttaattaa
>ECK125136756_pabCp5_forward_1153194_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcttcggtggcactaatggttctttgatctttaaaaagatctaagttgtcattttccAcccttataaaaggtccgctt
>ECK125136373_panCp2_reverse_148920_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgacgggcagatcctcgtgatgcacgacgcctttggtattaccggcggtcacattcctAaattcgctaaaaatttcctc
>ECK125137790_panZp1_forward_3597828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcctttgtcagcataaaataacggcacaaagggcggaataattcactatcattcagggGattatgctggacatttttca
>ECK125136944_patDp3_forward_1515415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccttgtcgttcgatgaaatcatcgttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttAccgttgtggttgctcaatca
>ECK125136945_patDp4_forward_1515440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttaccgttgtggttgctcaatcagcttGggcgaccgcgtgatgtaccg
>ECK125136860_pgpBp5_forward_1339193_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctggttctgtattgGcttattttgccataacgaga
>ECK125136776_phoQp5_reverse_1189940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaccgcgttcgaatacactattatggaaacgttgatacgcaataatggcaaagtggtcAgcaaagattcgttaatgctc
>ECK125136991_pinQp1_forward_1633584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttcgaacgtgtacatacaaatatgcacaaaaataatcataattattttctgagatgcAttatgatatgaacaccaatt
>ECK120016710_plsBp_reverse_4256598_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atccagtggtattattggccattgaaagaacctttttacattatgagcgtcaatatcagtGtaccgttaaatccgatgatt
>ECK125137623_plsYp5_forward_3204533_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggttatcccacgccatttcgatatcgaacactaacttctgttcgatggtctgttcccaGtcgtaaacaccaatagtggt
>ECK125136600_potEp1_reverse_718344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagggatcaacctgctgccaggttttgcaccggagctgcagggtgtctatatcgaagaacAtgatggtcgtaagcaagttt
>ECK125137567_pppAp3_reverse_3114479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggataaggcgctcgcgccgcatccggcatgaaataaggcgcaccgggttaacacatttgCccgatgcgcctgcttatcgg
>ECK125137057_ppsRp1_forward_1787339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccacataaaccatcggtataaacgaaaccataaaaatgaaatgctgttttcataaaaaAtaaaattgaaggttcatttt
>ECK125136956_pptAp7_forward_1532858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcagaattattttcagggatacggcacattgctattaatattttgacgaatgataAggtattcaaggcagggttaa
>ECK120009965_psdp_reverse_4390638_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gtgagttcggcctctggcacctggagccggaacaaatcactcagggctttgtcgaattccAtgactatttaggtctgtgta
>ECK125137271_psuGp4_reverse_2258557_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggcgtttattacagcgatatcagcggtgaaagtggctggtctgcgccgatcaaaaccaAtgttattaatgttaccggag
>ECK125137270_psuTp2_reverse_2257496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcctgctggcgcgcgttgctgaactgaccggcggtgacagcctgaaatccaacatccAgctggtgttcaacaacgcca
>ECK125136887_racCp4_reverse_1417811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgaaaaagaccagatggcacatgaactttaattaattgactattcgaaactgaatttAtgccagaaatggcaggtatt
>ECK125137239_rcnBp_forward_2186884_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgcttttagggcatcctttcatttacactttttacgaaatcatgggatcactaacaaAatatcgcttgtcagttatat
>ECK125137295_rcsCp4_reverse_2320081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaccaatagtaagcgttgggacaatgaccatcaggattgccatcaggatcatttgattGcgtaagcggcgtggataaat
>ECK125137929_recQp1_forward_4005858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgcctgtttttatttcaggcaatcgggGtgaatgtggcgcaggcggaa
>ECK125136999_remp1_reverse_1644972_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgtttttattttcaacgcgtttgaagttctggacggtgccggaatagaatcaaaaataCttaagtagcgcgcagggata
>ECK120009996_rfaDp4_forward_3793970_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacattcgtgtctgagattgtctctgactccataAttcgaaggttacagttatga
>ECK125137813_rhsBp12_forward_3619097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaatatAttcctaaaaatcttcaattc
>ECK125137808_rhsBp3_forward_3619074_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttCtcttttgtaacgttctaaat
>ECK125137810_rhsBp9_forward_3619044_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattgagtctattattgggtcctttggtgaacgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgAttcctctctaaataccctat
>ECK125136594_rihAp3_reverse_684602_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcccgtaaagtggcgaatcgggtgatctttatggacgagggtaaaattgtcgaagactcGccgaaagacgctttcttcga
>ECK125136641_rlmFp1_forward_842192_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgacagagatgtgcttattttttgaacgatatatttttacaaaataagacaaatcaatGacatgcataatgctgatttt
>ECK125137634_rlmGp4_reverse_3235892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaagagaaaaagggtatactcacgcacccttttcaggggcaatgtcgaaattttAtcattcaggagggccgatga
>ECK125136361_rluAp1_reverse_60450_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcgtctggaagctctgcgtgcagtgaacccgaacattcgtgacgacgaactgaccgccAttgagagcaaccgtcagcag
>ECK125137995_rluFp1_forward_4230309_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcaggtaacgaattcaagccaatggaaataacaaatagttcgctcatgactattttttAtcaacccaaaggtacggtat
>ECK120016716_rnlBp_forward_2766707_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cctgactactgtatgttactttatcctgaactacgcaccattgaaggtgtcttaaaaagtAagatgagtgggttaggcatg
>ECK125137440_rplSp1_reverse_2744642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggccgtacctggcttagaagacctgaacttctggaaaacctggctctgactgaagagcAagcaaggttgctggcggagt
>ECK120033261_rpoDp4_forward_3212693_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tacaaataatgctgccacccttgaaaaactgtcgatgtgggacgatatagcagataagaaTattgctgagcaaaccttcac
>ECK120010515_rpoHp3_reverse_3600870_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgtaatttattcacaagcttgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataaaacAgtgaatgataacctcgttgc
>ECK120010580_rseAp3_reverse_2709632_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aagtggcggcgcgttgaaagaaatttcgaaccctgagaacttaatgttgtcagaagaactGagacagatagttttccgaac
>ECK120010009_rsePp_forward_196470_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caggaattaaggacagcggtcatttaattccaggacacggtggtattttagatcgtattgAtagcctgacggctgcggtac
>ECK125137794_rsmDp1_forward_3604352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgatgaaatagtctatcacttaacttaattcacatcaccGcctgcaagtatgtgttatct
>ECK125137554_rsmEp1_forward_3091018_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccgactgggagtgcgagcgcgatgaacgcatcgcgaaggtgcagggcaatcataacccGtatgtgcaacgcgcttgcca
>ECK125137775_rtcAp1_reverse_3556880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagatattgatgcggtgatggcggcacaaagcgatctggtggaagttatctataccctGcgtcaggtggtgtgcgtaaa
>ECK125137776_rtcAp2_reverse_3557002_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcgggtaatgagccgaactaaagcgaaaaaactgttcagcgtggaagatcaaattcgtGccaccgcgcatgtggaatgc
>ECK125136724_rutGp2_reverse_1070045_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttttggcggcaaaacgcccatggaacaccgctttgccgccgcccgctggcagacggggGtgaccggatgcccgcaactg
>ECK120016712_rutRp_forward_1074134_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggtaaaaagtggactaaacggtcAaaacagttgcacataaaaca
>ECK120030786_rybBp_reverse_888057_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaatgaaatttttttgcacaaccgcagaacttttccgcagggcatcagtcttaattagtGccactgcttttctttgatgt
>ECK125136979_sadp5_reverse_1614799_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttatgctgccagcttcggcaaccgcgttgaacatctccagttgggtcagatccatagcaTtctcgattcgtgaataagtg
>ECK125136869_sapFp5_reverse_1352657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcattgtgacgccacgtttgacgggggcgaaaaatcatctctatgcctgtcatttcccGctgaacatggagaaagagtg
>ECK125136484_sbcCp2_reverse_415847_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagccagccaacagcgtgaaaccctcagcgaactcagcgtcgaagaggtgttcaatcgccGtctggcactggaagaactgg
>ECK120009967_sbmAp_forward_396553_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcgaaacaattcttatggtcaggctggcgaactaagcgccttgctatgggtcacaatgggCggtttcatttggctgacgct
>ECK125137892_setCp14_forward_3836744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agattaatttgttcatttaatatatcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaaataGctcattgccttactataatt
>ECK125136883_smrAp1_forward_1405936_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggcaatatttggaacttattactggaaatttgggtaatacgttgttggaccgacccgGtctggttatcatatcgcgct
>ECK125138052_tamAp1_forward_4442270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaggttgtaacaagaggcgtatttgcacacaataaccaccgtgaataggtctaaagtaaAacataagaaatatttggggt
>ECK125137663_tdcRp8_forward_3267254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaaatcagcataaaccctgatttttgtcaaaaaaaAtgacggggataaccatattt
>ECK125136837_tdkp1_forward_1293516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccaactttatttcatatcattgaggGcctgtggctgatggcacagc
>ECK125136794_tfaEp1_reverse_1209266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaacgattaatttctattttgatgaaatatgggtaaatagtggcactgacattatcaaAagaggaaacacaaacgatgc
>ECK125136795_tfaEp6_reverse_1209189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccggattaccagccccggattatggaacctttaaaacatataaacaatcagtggatgGtttaggtgccgcagcctcag
>ECK125137238_thiDp3_reverse_2184673_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgttaatgaccaaagtggtaggaactggctgtgcattatcggcggttgtcgctgcctGctgtgcgttaccaggcgata
>ECK125137499_thyAp2_reverse_2965348_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttattatcctcaacctgtatattcgtaaaccacgcccaatgggagctgtctcaggtttGttcctgattggttacggcgc
>ECK125136721_torTp1_forward_1056220_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttgagtcgcaaagcgGaatgcatctagcataaagcc
>ECK125137789_ugpQp1_reverse_3588300_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaaaatgactctcggcattcgcccggaacatattgcgctaagctcgcaggcagaaggcgGcgtaccgatggtgatggaca
>ECK125138039_ulaRp5_reverse_4418562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgcggtttcgatgattgcttcactattgaaccggatctgccgttcaagtcattcctgtAatctgtcgtttataccgggt
>ECK125137882_waaUp9_reverse_3799398_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagacatcagtgcagaagaatcaaaagatAtgacaagaaaaaaaatgcaa
>ECK125137213_wbbKp4_reverse_2104606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgggtgagaatgtgacggttttgcctggaacaattattggtaatggagtcgtagtcgGcgccaattctgttgttagag
>ECK125137222_wcaMp1_reverse_2115934_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtcaaacgcgcgcgcgaaaaagttgaacacgattttaaccagcaggtgatcaatcgagaActcgccagcttgctgcaggc
>ECK120033256_wzap2_reverse_2137193_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
taaataaacaatgatgaaatccaaaatgaaattgatgccattattggtgtcagtaaccttGataagcggttgcacagtact
>ECK125137888_xanPp5_forward_3828821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgggtcaaattctcagctgttaatgaacaaatggcatggattttaagcagaaaaatAccaaaagttatataaaaaag
>ECK125137997_xylEp1_reverse_4242270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattgccttaactgcctgacaattccaacatcaatgcactgataaaagatcagaatggTctaaggcaggtctgaatgaa
>ECK125136345_yaaAp3_reverse_6587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcgtgcgcccggtgtttgatccattgcgttAtccggatatcggtcgccagc
>ECK125136366_yacHp3_reverse_131307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcccaagattagtcaaaatttaaactaccgcctctttatactcggattcacagcacctGcgggtggcagttcgccgacc
>ECK125136368_yadEp3_forward_144965_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtttcgcgagcgtattgtcgaactgggtgcgccggaggtgagtagtctttggcaccAacaacaaaaaaatccgcctt
>ECK125136377_yadNp1_reverse_156984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctaaagtgcacaataggcgacctaatgaacaatggttgtaaatttgggtaacaaatatcAttgctcattaatatctaaca
>ECK125136385_yadSp7_reverse_177757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacaatactggggtgaacagctcaaaattcccGttattcctctcacgagtgac
>ECK125136397_yaeFp1_reverse_217135_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattccgcacactattgtgctgggcgaccgtaacctcgacaacgacgatatcgaatataaAtatcgtcgcaacggcgagaa
>ECK125136395_yaeQp3_forward_214088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actttcaaaacgcagcccagcgcgtccggaacgtatcctaagtctccgctggcgatttccGcgtaccgcttgcgtattaac
>ECK125136462_yahMp5_forward_345336_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcttacgcatcgcactcaagcctgacagaaaatatgctgtaaggctcatatcaaaaaccGccattagctcatcaggaaga
>ECK125136482_yaiIp7_forward_405698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttccattgcctcactcctgccgtgaaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcatAaacagaactatgccggaagg
>ECK125136467_yaiOp6_reverse_380850_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtagaacgtaatttacctaccggaacttattcactccgacaagaacttatccgtacaggAgattaaaatgataaaacgga
>ECK125136468_yaiPp5_reverse_383985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatgcgtcatgatcgcctgcgtgcagttgcacaatttcgcggacaacaggtcaatagcgAtctgggtgaaggctttgtaa
>ECK125136471_yaiSp13_reverse_384738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacttaacatatgaattgcatagaaacattacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaagccCttgcttttcagttattagca
>ECK125136487_yajIp6_reverse_433034_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acactgccgacggcggcgtacggatgaaccctcgcccacgagacgagagtcaattaccttAgtgtccacggcgaaacagaa
>ECK120009963_ybaBp_forward_493709_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcgacccgtgggcggcacaggtgagccaactttcgctaccaaaactggtcgaacaggtgGcgttaaatgcctggaaagag
>ECK125136501_ybaNp1_forward_490718_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtcgagacaagcctgtagtgttgtcgcacgagtctgaaaaagatgcctgtcgaaacgaGcacttagcgtggcgaactgt
>ECK125136512_ybaPp6_reverse_508284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cactgacgctattacgatgaacatgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaatcgaGcggttccagatattcataga
>ECK125136545_ybcHp4_reverse_588070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggaatatctggaccggcgagacgcactacgacgcctggccgcacaaagtcagtctcgGcgtcgagtatcaacatacct
>ECK125136543_ybcWp4_forward_579805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggtcctgctggcattctggagggaaatacaaccgacagatgtatgtaaggccaacgtgCtcaaaccttcatacagaaag
>ECK125136555_ybdDp2_forward_631991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaacgccgtatgaaccaatgccggaaaatgtcgaggagatcgtggcgcaggcaaaaggcGcacactaaagtcagagtgag
>ECK125136546_ybdFp5_reverse_606053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggggctggcgctggcacaaaaactggtgaccatgttccatctgatggatcttagtcaGctttacactttattgttttg
>ECK125136556_ybdHp6_reverse_633517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacctgacgaagttgcgtgttgaaggcactataacacgatgctagtatttggcaatcaagAcgtttagatgtctaaataaa
>ECK125136551_ybdKp3_reverse_607561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcactcctcatttaatcaactgaagctgaacccgtttttttctgcatgactcaatcgtcaAaattcttcgccaccagtcag
>ECK125136559_ybdMp2_reverse_635555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacagctgagcattaccgcaataaaatcgccatttatttgcactggtatcagaaaaaaGgcatcgaggttccacaaacc
>ECK125136580_ybeQp1_reverse_676706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtatttccatcggagtggaaagtgcaaacaatattttttgcgactccatgtccatataaTttatccttaaatattcatta
>ECK125136588_ybeRp7_forward_676560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatctcatctattgataaattatcgcagcaacttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttccttAtggttgcagataaaacatat
>ECK125136602_ybfAp7_forward_729037_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaattacaggatgaatgtaaataaaccatcaataagcaaaaataagtggtcggatgagtAgtaaaattacacaaaaggcg
>ECK125136599_ybfFp1_reverse_712846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcttgcagaaaaactcggaataaaccttatttgttgcagccctgtggcacaatggtcAacataataccctaacccgac
>ECK120016584_ybfHp_reverse_716641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ataaagtcattttttattcaaatataaggaacttaatatttaaaaaatgttccatacaatTcctcatcataaatgacaccg
>ECK125136610_ybgDp9_reverse_752958_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaaaacttcatggtagtcgcatttataaccctatgaaaatgacgtctatctataccccCctatattttattcatcatac
>ECK125136609_ybgOp4_reverse_749182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcagccagcagggcaaccaactgacactgaaaaatcctaccgcgtattatctgaccattGcctatctggggagaaatgaa
>ECK125136619_ybgSp1_reverse_785339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctgcaaatgcactgttggaagaggttatccgacataAcgaccataacaggagcatcc
>ECK125136620_ybgSp2_reverse_785459_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcgcgaaaaacgagatctctcctacaatttctaactgtaActcctttgtttgttaattat
>ECK125136631_ybhHp8_forward_800552_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgagtaatttagcggcattgttaaacgaactggactctgccagtatgacaaatgccttCatacttgataattcatgctt
>ECK125136651_ybiUp5_reverse_859100_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcacatcaaatcattaaacttgcattaacttatttataacttatattgtcacatgcaaAtcagaatggtttcgaatgaa
>ECK125136667_ybjEp3_reverse_914901_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttatgcataacatttccttttaattgcaactttactcgtccttccgctttcagtagtgtGtcatcgcgcatttcgacttc
>ECK125136663_ybjOp4_forward_897852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggggtgaatccggaaatcaacgccctggcaacattgatcctcggcgcggtcggaattgtcGgatttatcgcctggtatctg
>ECK125136675_ycaDp1_forward_945719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatttttcgactgaacgaagcgtatgaaatttgtgttagttcaataaaaacaatcagatGagactaatcatctcttcagc
>ECK125136685_ycaLp1_forward_960132_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcggattagccaggcagcctgaatgaacaacgggcaataaatagccaaatctttctttAtcaaaacgtcggcacattgt
>ECK125136708_yccXp7_forward_1029994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttacttttctgtcgatgcaaaGaaatgggcgtcattgtccgg
>ECK125136729_ycdUp1_forward_1095693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattatcaaagaaaatctctcattacacttaactcatacggtgaaatggactgaatctctCgatacatttctgaatatgcc
>ECK125136730_ycdUp9_forward_1095633_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcttcgccagagcatcaggttctgatgaacgtaacagcaaaaagcgaggtcgctccgtcAattatcaaagaaaatctctc
>ECK125136754_yceFp9_reverse_1146749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttaccttttgcatagggcgcgcatattaactttgtaacgtcatagagtcaaagaaaaAggcagcctgtggttgccttt
>ECK125136746_yceHp2_forward_1126081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttactggcgcgactgggttttgaaaaagaaggctatgcgaaagactatctgttgattGatggacaatggcgcgatcac
>ECK125136748_yceMp4_forward_1126604_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggcggaagtggagtcgacgctggaacaactggcaaatcgcgaagatggtccttttgtgGtgcgtctggcccgcgaaccg
>ECK125136741_yceOp1_reverse_1119511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttaaatttgcgtcagttttaggggaaatagctgccgattttgcgcaagacaaaaaaaGcgattttgatttgacgccat
>ECK125136742_yceOp7_reverse_1119632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggttgctgcctgtacggcgctgcctgcacctatgataattcgcctgacgaagattttAttatcgataccctacccggc
>ECK125136766_ycfTp11_reverse_1175329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagcgaaagcaagatgggtaaacgtctgaactgtaagtgatcgtcagggctaatctgaAaagcccccgtaaatcaatcg
>ECK125136822_ycgYp1_forward_1245083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctttcacatcagaacgtatactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcActtcgatatccgataaagtc
>ECK125136823_ycgYp6_forward_1245101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcacttcgatatccgataaaGtcggttcccggtaacaacaa
>ECK125136832_ychNp4_reverse_1273655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgtattttctcgcgctttcaggaaaatccttaaaaatgtgaccgattggtcagacgctGcagaagcagtaagatagaag
>ECK125136844_yciBp3_reverse_1313055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgggcgaatatgcgtctggtggcacccgcagtactgagctggttgctggcaaaaacactGttgctgctttttgcctcttc
>ECK125136846_yciEp6_reverse_1315238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaataagaaagccgaaaataaagcctgaaatatgaattttaacttttagtcattttataAagaggacattttcatgaatc
>ECK125136854_yciNp9_reverse_1330757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcacactgtacctgataaaatccgatacgcaactttattagcatgcaaaatccaaagttGccagtaaggcgctcttgcca
>ECK125136865_yciTp1_reverse_1344544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaatttgatgcccagcgcgttgccgaacgtattgatattgtgttagatatccttgtggcAggcgattaccactctgcgat
>ECK125136841_yciUp5_reverse_1307352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaactaagtctggttggcacagttaaccttgatatgcgtagtctgtggctaaatttcGagattaccctggcaatcgac
>ECK125136866_yciWp4_reverse_1350236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcggtttcagcattgctgcaatgaacgaactcgaactgaaataatcgttctgttggtaAagatgggcggcgttctgccg
>ECK125136867_ycjDp4_reverse_1351866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcaccaaacggctgattgccggtcattttggcGaggcattgacggcggatgcg
>ECK125136872_ycjMp4_forward_1370003_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccacgttgagaacgccggtggcctgaaagacatcgcaatgccgaaggtcaaaggttaAaagaattcaccatgagcggc
>ECK125136910_ydbJp1_forward_1440856_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acattgcgcaaatgaggggcgcacgaaattgctgcgcgcccagtagtaatctttcaatttTagcaaatggctttcttctgc
>ECK125136923_ydcAp6_forward_1491647_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccgatctttgatctcatcaacggtatcaaaataaaccagcgtataacgttcaaatcgaAcataagattcgataaaccat
>ECK125136934_ydcKp8_reverse_1500640_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccatcccctaaccagtggctgacctgccaaacctggctggcatagcgccaggcaaatcccAtccctatcgtccccaacaca
>ECK125136939_ydcLp7_forward_1502323_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgaagtttttagcagcttaacttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagccccTttttcggcattgactatgtc
>ECK125136947_ydcXp1_forward_1517221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatcagtactacagttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcccctAtgtgtatagtacgggttaag
>ECK125136951_ydcZp1_reverse_1518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaccgcgcaaatgccgcaggtaggcactaaatttggtcgttggctggatctgacatttAtgcagttgcaactcgacgag
>ECK125136972_yddBp6_reverse_1577666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggttacacatcaacccggtgtctggaacctggccgatgatatttgtgacattagcgcGgttttataaaaacaataaaa
>ECK125136959_yddJp1_reverse_1544866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaaacgctgctaacaaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatcttccAtctatcaaaagtttaagact
>ECK125136962_yddJp8_reverse_1544758_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactaataatacatccgatattggaactttattccccataataaaacagagcaaaacttaAattttttaaatgtttctggg
>ECK125136986_ydeIp1_reverse_1624516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcaatattcttatttggcaattataaaaatagcaaccagacttaataagtcaaaccaaAcgcaattaaggagttagtat
>ECK125136975_ydeRp1_reverse_1588298_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgggactggtgagggcttcggcaacctttacccttgaatttcaataatcagagtcagAtatgaaaagacttcacaaga
>ECK125136990_ydfKp5_forward_1632985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catattcagcatttttagtcatgccctaataaaattagggattggcatatccaataacccAgacaaaaccgatgtataagt
>ECK125137034_ydhBp2_reverse_1739809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtagggagtgaaattagtgttgtgaaacggtaatatttgatgactggtttcaaaaattttGcaggcagactatgtggtcag
>ECK125137031_ydhFp1_reverse_1725648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaaccggagcaaccatcactcttttgaacctaatcttgcgtatactcctctcatatctgAtaagaggaagcgattatggt
>ECK120016714_ydhIp_forward_1720998_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttcagaaattgcgcgtaaatttttcgcacttaaagaatatttattaatctaacgcaatAtattcggtcgtaaaggaatc
>ECK125137041_ydhSp3_forward_1747068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatttaatcaagggcggttagcgcccttttcatccctgtctgaaatttctcaaattctaAaaatctcaaccaaacttatc
>ECK125137042_ydhSp5_forward_1747113_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctcaaattctaaaaatctcaaccaaacttatctgataacactaaattcgaaagaatGcgtacaggtaagtaacaatg
>ECK125137044_ydhTp1_reverse_1749569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcaccacggggcgtacgccacacgaaacctttaaaagcatggtcgatggctatcaccgGcactaacgaatgatcattac
>ECK125137046_ydhZp6_reverse_1755209_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatatcatcgctcaattgctacagttaaaataatttatcgcgttatttgtctgattttGtttgatttttgtttaattgg
>ECK125137054_ydiMp1_forward_1770930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatttcaacgagtctaccctgatggcaattttattgactggaagatctatcaatcggtaGctgctgaattatatgcacac
>ECK120035108_ydiVp_reverse_1792087_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaggacccctgaaaaagtggttaacatggaacaaatgaaagttactccttctgtaattgTtatgtcttatggcctcatcc
>ECK125137064_ydiYp6_reverse_1806217_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaatctgttttcgccacatgcttattcaaaaaatgAaataagaatacattgctaag
>ECK125137085_ydjEp5_reverse_1853983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgataaagatgcggcaagtgaatttgccgcaattgctacctttttagcaaatccgaggcaCctaatggaacaatatgatca
>ECK125137087_ydjFp1_reverse_1854924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacacgattcacctctgtttctgtgaaaactgtgatgaaaatctgtgattcaaacaggttAttttgaaagtaaacatcggt
>ECK125137077_ydjXp1_forward_1833308_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggctcaaactgggtcaggagaattaaccttgagaaaaatcaacaaactgtcagtaatgAtttgttgcctgccgtccttt
>ECK125137092_yeaIp6_forward_1870243_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatccggtgttccgtgaactgtttcataaacaaaatgcaacagctaaaggctaaaactAtcagccaggtcattatcgcc
>ECK125137094_yeaMp1_reverse_1875648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtttttgccgcttaatgaagttgaacaggtcatatgcttctcattgttacaaacgagGctgtaccttaccgtttttat
>ECK125137096_yeaNp4_forward_1875463_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcattttccaccgtacaggtaattgcaccatgtagcgccagtatcagctgtcctttgcgGtgctgatgtacaggactggt
>ECK125137099_yeaOp4_forward_1876777_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctgtgggccgccgctgatgggtaaaatacacgatgctaacggtaactggtctgtaccaCttatgggtgttgccatactt
>ECK125137102_yeaQp1_reverse_1879390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacgttcttatgacacggaaaacgaacatgatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactgatcGttgatggcgcaatttctgcg
>ECK120009969_yeaYp_reverse_1890561_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttatttacgtaacaacgtcgcatggaagaaacttccgggcaaagaatgaatcttaagagTatgccctgagaaaaaaagga
>ECK125137141_yebAp1_reverse_1941683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggggacgaatatcaaactgggtaaaacaagctattcagaattcctgagtcaattagccAaccagtatgcgagctgcctg
>ECK125137142_yebAp5_reverse_1941833_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcaacctggcgcgcagcgtttacatgaaataagaacacagttggttgagcaaaaagcaAcctgcgtttttgctgagcca
>ECK125137143_yebAp6_reverse_1941721_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgagggacatccgttcgtatgggaacgttggatcccctggggacgaatatcaaactggGtaaaacaagctattcagaat
>ECK125137126_yebVp1_forward_1921745_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactaggctgaaaaatggtgcgatcggactggtcGtaccacaatcggcagctaaa
>ECK125137130_yebWp3_forward_1921957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactggatgcctgggatgctgaaaccagtatccctgccctgctaaatggcgaacactctGtcctttaccgtacccgttac
>ECK125137147_yecDp4_forward_1950778_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacaaaatttgtcgttccgccAtcggctaatcgcattaaggt
>ECK125137179_yedJp3_reverse_2033203_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaggggcactggtcggatttttAtttatggctctggtcggggc
>ECK125137201_yeeAp6_reverse_2080661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctttcaattttttcgctcctgccgggaaattacactgttcccggtttgtccgtcggatAattcagaggcgcgccttctg
>ECK125137202_yeeFp2_reverse_2087238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttgtcatttcccccccatttaggcacaatgcgccgctgtcaaaaaatgactaaaaaccGacgtttcatcagcgtcggtt
>ECK125137193_yeeOp1_reverse_2059828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacagtccgccgttctaccgactgaactacagaggaatcgttgttgaggcacatcttaAcggcgaaaaatcttttgtca
>ECK125137194_yeeOp6_reverse_2059875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggaatttggctcctctgactggactcgaaccagtgacatacggattaacagtccgccGttctaccgactgaactacag
>ECK125137204_yeeZp7_reverse_2089176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgaacagattcattcatagaatgaattgtcagttttgAtacgctagcgtagccttata
>ECK125137236_yegXp1_reverse_2183801_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccgtacaggaggcaaaaagctGgctttcatcggcgttagccc
>ECK125137237_yegXp6_reverse_2183820_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacactctctgcggcgttggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccGtacaggaggcaaaaagctgg
>ECK125137241_yehEp1_reverse_2192909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttaatactgcgaatattctgcggaccttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattgatcAtacaggcaatgcttcattat
>ECK125137269_yeiIp2_forward_2251653_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtttcgacggcattccgctgatcctcgaaaccatcaacccggatatctgggcagaagagAtcgcctggctgaaagcgcaa
>ECK125137275_yeiWp7_reverse_2265413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaatttcgttcgctcttggcatcgaaaaattcctgtagtcgaaaatgtcaaaaatatcGcgacaaagtactcgcgacgg
>ECK125137280_yejGp5_reverse_2278353_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtacatatagccccgcaaacgtgaccacgcccgcagatattacttaaatcagagccatAgaggccacgcaggcgaggca
>ECK125137281_yejGp8_reverse_2278446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcccccgatatatgtttattttatgtaaaatcaatttatgtaaaaagtcacatcattGtagttaaaaaggttgagtta
>ECK125137287_yejKp5_reverse_2284109_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttcaacctgttcatcactgtagcgggaaatttgtggcataaatcgaaatcagttagttGatgaaagggcaacatattac
>ECK125137298_yfaLp1_reverse_2344218_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaaatagccattgcaccgggttgaacaatttacaaaagaaagatattccatatcgtAtaatgcgattaaatacgccg
>ECK125137299_yfaLp3_reverse_2344265_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcaaataataacaaaatagccAttgcaccgggttgaacaatt
>ECK125137297_yfaPp4_reverse_2328199_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatcggctggatttaacccatgagtatctgcacctggcctttgatggttatcccaccggGcttgatgagaactatatcga
>ECK125137319_yfbKp7_reverse_2385905_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgtcggggcgttgacggtaatgcattgacccagggttggtaaaaaataatcatagggaGtaaaaacacaaataatataa
>ECK125137322_yfbLp7_forward_2385828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatatcgaaacccatagcaaataatgAttcaacaacgcaacccatta
>ECK125137325_yfbNp1_reverse_2388587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaaggtgtcataattattccctgaaataatatattcatcaaacgaatgacattgtttgAattcattagcagataaatag
>ECK125137327_yfbOp1_forward_2388573_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttgaaactaataatacgtatggaattgtcactatttAtctgctaatgaattcaaaca
>ECK125137330_yfbPp7_forward_2388995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagctggtttgtagaagaaattgcccctgatgagtgctgggaaggatggtcagaagatAcggagcatggatgggttgaa
>ECK125137336_yfcIp7_reverse_2423712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtctgcaacggttccttaagggatcgctgaaataatttcctctccggtggctaacgctGccggagtattttcatgggga
>ECK125137337_yfcIp8_reverse_2423614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgaaatgtaaaagttacagtccgctaaaaatacttctgaattcgctgtccaaagataAaaactgcctgctgcattggg
>ECK125137347_yfcVp8_reverse_2455688_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgcatgccgtattcaatggctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgtattGcaatgtttatattttaatta
>ECK125137354_yfdGp4_forward_2467737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcttgatgagaaggtggagtgagcgaccttaacaactatcgaatagcacaaagtctTgcaatccagtgcaaagcttt
>ECK125137373_yfeCp4_forward_2518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatcgctgaaaaatcaggcaaatgaacaattttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagtagttAttcatgtcacggtttcctgt
>ECK125137377_yfeHp5_forward_2526909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taattcatctgttttcttcatgaatggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaactggaAgaagcacaatagaaccatcg
>ECK120016565_yfeKp_forward_2537315_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccgatgatcctcatcgtaatccaaccgaaactttacctgattctggcagtcaaatcggctAtcacaaaacaaggataaggt
>ECK125137375_yfeRp1_reverse_2527039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgccgtgcataaagaacagcagggcaatagctgcggtggtcagattttcaaagaaggGgacgaaatcgcctctggccg
>ECK120009972_yfeYp_reverse_2551243_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcttgtttttatgaagtaaaagaataacggcactttttggtgaatttgcactccaagcaaCgttattgaataaccaaagga
>ECK125137384_yffOp1_forward_2562080_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctcaattcttgcgaaaaatggcaaaaataAcggtatttttcatcatttat
>ECK125137387_yffQp1_forward_2563389_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgggagactgatggccgccgacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaaCtcccaccaaagccaacaaga
>ECK125137388_yffQp3_forward_2563409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaactcccaccaaagccaacaagAtgggaggtgaattttgtgat
>ECK125137398_yfgGp7_forward_2629085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatagagagcattgattctaagtgtcatatgaaagtaccaattgatatatatcaaacaaaAtaaccctgattaatgaatta
>ECK125137412_yfhRp2_forward_2664244_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgttgttaaagccatgctggcgaacatgcgtgacgagttaagcgacgctctgaagcgttAatgactcaggcgggtgatat
>ECK125137449_yfjIp8_forward_2758881_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttgagggtgttacatgaattcatactcaAttgctgtcatcggagtgtaa
>ECK125137454_yfjPp5_forward_2767642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagaaagattctgcaatctatgtgcattgaaaaaatcttcagatagatatcattctcctGaacaatccgatgaacggcag
>ECK125137472_ygbNp2_forward_2864907_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattgccggactacctgatcgacatgaaccggacgatggagaaatcaactatccgtggctGttccgcctgttcgatgaggt
>ECK125137486_ygcGp7_forward_2905605_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtaacgtattatgtcagaagaaaataaagaaaatggatttaatcatgtcaaaacattcAccaaaattatatttattttt
>ECK125137479_ygcNp3_forward_2892572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgctgttaagtgcggtgatggtaaaagaaacctgcaccgcaggttgtatctatcgcgGcgaatgataagagtgtgtcg
>ECK125137480_ygcUp5_reverse_2899607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacgctggcgacacgcagtaatccagaaaccaatcagcgcgttcttgatcatattccgGcaaaccgttggggcgatact
>ECK125137481_ygcWp11_reverse_2900409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgagagtaatcacgcttctgctttttaaaattatttgacaatacgaatatcacactgtgAttacgatcacattagcagtt
>ECK125137482_ygcWp12_reverse_2900471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacttttctcaggtctctagtaattgaaataataaataacatggaaagcagaggtgttGtgtgagagtaatcacgcttc
>ECK125137506_ygeAp5_reverse_2980803_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattactttctggctcattccggaaaccaaaaatgtcacgctggaacatatcgaacgcaaActgatggcaggcgagaagtt
>ECK125137528_ygeRp1_reverse_3000039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggattattacgcatcaggatgggaaatagggtaaaaagtcaggaagttcgatacctctAcagcgaatattttgctgatg
>ECK125137529_ygeWp1_forward_3006224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttattgttagtcccaggtatagctgtgaaaacaccaatcactttggcaagtcacagtgaaAtaaaccactttgcctgtcat
>ECK125137538_ygfSp5_reverse_3029164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccgtggttgcagggcagcggaattaaactcgataaatggggcctgattcaaaccggtGacgtcgggtatttacctacc
>ECK125137539_ygfUp6_forward_3031189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagtgcgacatgccagaatgattaatgaaatatcaatatgagaaaattacagataattcCattgtcaggttctcttctca
>ECK125137547_yggCp1_reverse_3074756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctctatgacgcgttaaaagcgatgaagttcgctgatttctccgtctggtcagaggcgcGttttagcggaatggtcaaaa
>ECK125137553_yggIp6_forward_3089588_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacaccttctgggtgtatgcggctctgaacgtactgtttatcctgctgacattgtggctGgtaccggaaaccaaacacgt
>ECK120010000_yggNp1_reverse_3101798_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaactggatgaggtacgcaccagcgaacttttcgacgtttggtgggactaagaaagcatAcgggcgatgacaaatgcaaa
>ECK120010001_yggNp2_reverse_3101744_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcatacgggcgatgacaaatgcaaaactgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaggcctggaAagatgcacgatcgagtaggc
>ECK125137565_yghDp3_reverse_3111276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaatgcgtggttttacctttgatcaaaaacgccAgatacttcacctccagctac
>ECK120010010_yghFp_reverse_3112899_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatacagacaaagagcatctgcgaaaaattgcacgcgggatgttctggctgatgctgcttAttatttctgcaaaaatggcg
>ECK125137574_yghQp1_reverse_3132593_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgagactgccatctcccgcaagcctgaccatgactatgccgagctgcaggacaaaatcgGtgtcatgtcgaagattggct
>ECK125137584_yghTp14_forward_3133915_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaggcttgccgtgagggtcgatttacctgaaccatcacatcctacaatggcaataacacGcactggcgtggaattaatta
>ECK125137610_ygiDp2_reverse_3182561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaacgccgagaaacgcgccaataaacgtggctgcccccgccagtatggtcagaatgagAggtactgacatcgacaactc
>ECK125137611_ygiDp3_reverse_3182429_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgttatccgggttcttactccgccgaacaagcgtattgtgaggatatcaaaatgacAcctttagttaaggatatcat
>ECK120010002_ygiMp_forward_3201104_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attttgcgccaaattgccatgcaacgggcaatttgacgggcgtaaaagtttgaagcagtgGcaagacctgacacagaggat
>ECK120016574_ygiMp2_forward_3201042_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttatgtcacataagtgacgatgaacggcgaacttaatgcgatcttttttgtcagtagataGtattttgcgccaaattgcca
>ECK125137592_ygiQp1_reverse_3161310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttatttcggtcagccttcctgggcgcacttcccgttctacttcaacagtcagacgctgGaaatggcggaccgtggctcg
>ECK125137631_ygjIp1_forward_3226142_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgaagcgtatcggtttatctgcaataacgcggtcaaaaaagtggttctcaaagtcaccAtcgaagatggttatttccat
>ECK125137632_ygjIp2_forward_3226070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgtgaatatttaaaaggctgcggagaaaccgttgaggtccacgaagggcaaatcgttAtttgcgatatccatgaagcg
>ECK125137636_ygjQp4_forward_3236365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcatgatcgtggtgcacgagctggcgcacctgaaggagaaagagcataacaaagcgtttTaccagttgtgttgtcatatg
>ECK125137647_yhaHp7_forward_3252249_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgccttcacggcactttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattcacgTctattcttaatttgctgctt
>ECK125137652_yhaIp12_forward_3252825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttatataaattacctataaaaaataaccatgtatttatcttaaatatcaaaacctttAtaacatccgaaaaagaaaga
>ECK125137649_yhaIp9_forward_3252700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttggaccagatccaaaactggaaccttaaaacaaatctgctcgccggatgtctgactcaTccggcttttatcattatgtt
>ECK125137656_yhaKp4_forward_3254274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcgttctcattcaggaaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgtagcGtccagccccttaccataaaa
>ECK125137681_yhbUp1_forward_3301329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaacacgagttttactccctgtttcaacaatcatcctattttgccatatcagaaaaatAacatagcggtataaatcaac
>ECK125137683_yhbUp7_forward_3301279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacactcaacagagatggccccaaatgcacaatacgggaacgcagtttatccaacacgaGttttactccctgtttcaaca
>ECK125137698_yhcAp1_forward_3362039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttagctataactcggacagattatgccctatgacatggtctgtcttaatcaatctcatcGcaaacagtgcataacatata
>ECK125137708_yhcMp1_reverse_3380156_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaattagcgcatattcccaggtcatgaacatctcccgttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtGttggcttcaggctccatgcc
>ECK125137712_yhcOp1_reverse_3386210_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctggcggggatgctccataagtatcaacatgcgttgaccgatagttaagtcaaaaccgAcgccaaaagcgtcggttttt
>ECK125137725_yhdHp1_forward_3403280_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacttatactgaatggcgttgtagaaacttagcgaacagcccagcaaagtcacaaaaattGttaacccggtgagcagcgta
>ECK125137728_yhdUp1_forward_3412497_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actctgcggaagaactggcgaaagtgaaaaaaagaaagaccggcaacctgtcaaaacgaaGccggttaagcgaagttgacc
>ECK125137756_yhfYp1_reverse_3511617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgatgtcgatgcggtgatctggaacgtggtggcggaaaacgaactgaccatgctggGattagaggcgacgccgctca
>ECK125137773_yhgFp2_forward_3537176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttccgtattgtcggctacgatgaaatttttggccgtaaagattacatctctatcgattCcccgatggcccgcgcattgc
>ECK125137819_yhiMp11_forward_3634817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgatatctcgtcattatattaacaggatgaaattatcattaatgcatatttcaatattaGcagggatacctgaggagttt
>ECK120016708_yhjJp_reverse_3682016_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgagttcaggtttatttcacttcttccgtgacattttcatgttcttgcggtctaacacgaAgtgtttttaacgtcatttag
>ECK125137831_yhjRp10_reverse_3696283_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgattttagtcttttcgtttttaactttttctgttgcgtaacggaaagtcaaaaagtgAgcaaattcccgtctcgccgt
>ECK125137833_yhjRp12_reverse_3696215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgtctcgccgtaaacaataaaccggcgaaatgctcacggttagaattgtctcatgaacGgtacggttatttcataggga
>ECK125137834_yhjRp13_reverse_3696375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttactagcgaaagctaagaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttaGcatgtgaatcaatttagaag
>ECK125137830_yhjRp5_reverse_3696356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttagcatgtgaatcaatttagaAggtcacaagacgtgtgattt
>ECK125137839_yhjXp6_reverse_3712097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgaataattgtcgcgtcattcattcctgaactaaggcatttcattccgttctgatggcAtttcatgccgtttttcccca
>ECK125137852_yiaBp1_reverse_3727797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaatcatttgttaatggcatttttcagttttgTctttcgttggttactcgtaa
>ECK120033257_yiaKp2_forward_3742720_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tatatttgaaatcaagtttcgcatattgaaattttaagccaaaaaagcgatcaaaaaaacAaggaagcctgggatgaaagt
>ECK125137876_yibBp6_reverse_3793834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagaggtgcaaggatgctaattgcaacaaactagtttgggttttagctagtccttcatgGcggatgttggttttgcatgt
>ECK125137868_yibGp6_forward_3768064_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatggatacagtgctaacagcaccaacgaaccttaattcaaataaggatctaatggctAtaacaacaaaagaccttggt
>ECK120016718_yicJp_reverse_3836664_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaacaagttgatttgatatattaaatgaacaaattaatcttgatggcagtctgattattGgtgaagtttatagtcagttt
>ECK125137893_yicNp4_reverse_3842509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggctttatgtcgtactgcatcatgaaagtatgcaccgggcgctggcgcgatctgaacctGtgtgtggtggtggtcgcagc
>ECK125137894_yicOp1_reverse_3843957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggtattcagcccggctaatgtgatgaaatttatggttaatagaattattcatatttttCtcattttgattttatcaatt
>ECK125137897_yicOp11_reverse_3843819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaattgaaatgtgataattatcactgaaccgttgttgtcatttgttttacaaaagcaaGggattaaatctcctccaatg
>ECK125137895_yicOp5_reverse_3843880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatttgattattatttatcataaagaaacgtcgcgagattattaaagaatatccattaatGtgcaattgaaatgtgataat
>ECK120010004_yidQp_forward_3867544_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccagaacacccatcaggcgcgtcctcatcggctacgatgtaaaaatgggtctggaaatgaActtttcaagccttatcagcg
>ECK120016709_yieEp_forward_3893829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagttgtaataagcttgtctgaatcgaacttttagccgctttagtctgtccatcattccAgtaaatgattactcttgtat
>ECK125137905_yieHp4_forward_3896657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgatgactcattatctatttccgaacaaggagggaaaatccgtcgctatcgtataccaAaatgcgacaataggcgcgtt
>ECK125137908_yieKp2_reverse_3899464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgagcttgagcagaaaaaaattaactttgattaccaggaatatccgggtctgaaccatGaaatggatgtctggcgacca
>ECK125137942_yihFp1_forward_4044175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctgataatgcatcctgccgctggacattatttcagcataagtggatattcaaagttttGctgttttatcagggaatatt
>ECK125137943_yihFp4_forward_4044055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttcagcagtatgctgatacagtgaaatatctgtccgagaaaaaataattcaatgtaaAttacataaagcccgtgaata
>ECK125137949_yihLp2_forward_4060253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgtcgccgcgccaaccgcgcaccgaaagacgattaatttcgttttttagtcataaaaaAcctgccagcgatggcaggtt
>ECK125137952_yihNp5_forward_4062166_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaatcaaacaagaggcaaaccatcttctgaaccactaataagttttaactcatacgcaGttaataaaaccattccatat
>ECK125137955_yihQp1_reverse_4069446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttttaatatttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatcattGaagaacatttcactcgctaa
>ECK120009970_yiiSp_forward_4112869_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcaaatgacaatacccggaaaatccttctgaactcttcaccttaagcaatatcaaaaaaaAtggtaatccataagatcatt
>ECK125137977_yijEp5_forward_4136089_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcggctgcttgctggcagtcgctgaacgttctttaccagcgtatagtgggcgaacgaaaActacacactggatctctcat
>ECK125138007_yjcEp7_forward_4279835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgttatcgccgtggcgctggtgaccttctatgcgggtggctgggctatctaatctttcAtcggattctgaaaacgggtg
>ECK125138038_yjfPp5_forward_4416935_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattatgaactaataccgccagcagaaacttgtgctaaggatttcttcatgtcataccagAcaaaaaggagagacagatga
>ECK125138073_yjgZp1_forward_4501058_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgtcacccggacagacaccgttatggacttctcttgttgcacgatcgatcaattgttAtgcatgctgacaccacaacc
>ECK125138078_yjhBp7_forward_4503882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatctggcgaacattgttttttgttggtgacccaaaactgtaggtgggtatcagttttaTctttcatagagtgaaatatg
>ECK125138089_yjhGp4_reverse_4524226_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactacaactgcccgctatttacgccctcgaaacaccgtttgtctcactgatcaaatacaGcatgcagtgtgtcgggctgc
>ECK125138104_yjiAp7_reverse_4589048_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggctttgttcttatcagagtgaactatgtttggtaacttaggacaggcaaaaaaatAtctcggccaggcggcgaaga
>ECK125138093_yjiJp4_reverse_4562682_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggctggcatgcttcacctttttgttattaacttgttaacaacaaaaatgacaaacaagGttaaacatgccttcgtccac
>ECK125138095_yjiKp7_reverse_4563730_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgacctgtccccccggcgaggaaatacaatgggtgatccctgggctgactgagtcaAtttattgccagcaggatggt
>ECK125138105_yjiYp3_reverse_4591347_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacaggatagcggtcaatttaccTcctcaaacgcaacgcaaacc
>ECK125138112_yjjAp1_reverse_4600337_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccaaacgcccaaccgggatgctgaccaacagtaatatggaagagatgaccaagttgctGggcgaacgcgtgatggaccg
>ECK125138107_yjjLp6_reverse_4594844_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggttttatcaaaagataaataccgggaaattcccgcttacctatgctcacaatcaGtcgactaaaaatgtttttgt
>ECK125138109_yjjLp8_reverse_4594882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaagtacggattaaaaacagcaaactattagcgggtgcacggttttatcaaaagataAataccgggaaattcccgctt
>ECK125138128_yjtDp8_forward_4640838_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacaactcaaccgttagtacagtcaggaaatagtttagccttttttaagctaagtaaaGggctttttctgcgacttacg
>ECK125136415_ykfIp7_reverse_263818_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatgccggaagctggatgaaacattcccgcactttatcctccagatggaatcgatgctgAccaccggtgaactcagcccc
>ECK125136444_ykgBp3_reverse_318376_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcatcctggaaagtcacatcgatGcgaattgataataattcaac
>ECK125136449_ykgCp1_reverse_320215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttccttgtggagcgttaagcatcaacaaacggctaagggcatccatatcagactcctGagtggtttttgattacaaac
>ECK125136435_ykgJp2_reverse_304258_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attagtacgtaaaatcggtaacggctggaaatcattcaatactcacactatcgaaagttcCccagccaaccgcggtacgtt
>ECK125136443_ykgLp1_forward_311939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagcccccaagagccagattaagtgaagttaaacgaaggctgccagctgtcacaggaacGatggcctttttgtcagggca
>ECK125136521_ylbAp2_reverse_544056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgccgaaggggtcaaaacgttggcactcatgctttatcaacttgcctggcagaaataaGgagtcataaatgggatattt
>ECK125136739_ymdBp4_forward_1105738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcgaatataactaagtttctgaacaaCtcacgttgctgagcagaaaa
>ECK125136784_ymfIp1_forward_1201440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacgctaaggattctctctggttgaaaatacttagctgttatgtgcctgtcttttcaccActtcaggctcggtggtatgc
>ECK125136787_ymfJp9_reverse_1202259_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctctataattggtactgtgattttctcaggaaaaccaagaagatacaaaatcaaagcctaAtcaatgtttatgaacctgct
>ECK125136820_ymgEp6_forward_1244579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgtctttggtttatcggtcacagttaAcaaaacttaatacaaatgcg
>ECK125136806_ymgFp1_forward_1218814_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttcagcagggttattatttctataaacctgttacatacatcgacctggtcaaaattaTcctttctaaaccgaaggtga
>ECK125136952_yncBp4_forward_1518892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacggatggacatgtctggcctcaataaaataatgatgatgatgttatcaatactatcGaaaacagcccgaagcaacgg
>ECK125136976_yneEp5_reverse_1609182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtccgttgtgctaataacaccgttacttctgaacccggtttcgaccgggtttcttatttcAccatattagttacaacatcc
>ECK125136978_yneFp7_reverse_1611874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggtacctttatttgccgccgctgtcagcgaacatgctatcttggttcggtcagtattgAtagtctggatttctggcctt
>ECK125137005_ynfAp7_reverse_1655679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactatacatgatgtcaataagagAcaaagatgattaaaacaacg
>ECK125137007_ynfDp6_forward_1657414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagagaaactggccatctcaggggtaaatgaaagtgttacctctgtgcggtcacatcctGtgaggaatatcgcgagtaag
>ECK125136993_ynfOp1_forward_1636727_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggtatcgtattaattgatctgcatcaacttaacgtaaaaacaacttcagacaatacaaAtcagcgacactgaatacggg
>ECK125137067_yniAp1_forward_1807719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgggaggaatggaatagcaacagaaaataaatggtttttgggcaataatcagtctgtgGtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttt
>ECK125137069_yniAp7_forward_1807579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgatgagggaaatatccatgagctgggaactaacacttttggacttatcagtacccaAagtgaagaagaaattagaga
>ECK125137063_yniDp6_forward_1805101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacgcagaaacagtgaccatgtgcacaacgccacccgacggctgtaataacaaaaaatcCcttgatgcctgtcccttttg
>ECK125137081_ynjIp1_reverse_1845011_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctgcaccgcgtaaacgtagtgcgaaaaaaagtccgccagcagatgaagtcggaagcggGgcgatagcgtaagcgagtga
>ECK125137109_yoaCp1_forward_1893966_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaactctggttttctttcttagctgaacaatctggttatagcgtgcggactgaccgttAaatttctccatcttactgga
>ECK125137112_yoaHp1_reverse_1894933_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctttaccgaaagtggttaaagtgcaaatcggctcggcgaccacaatatcaaagcggctAtacggatgatcggcatagcc
>ECK125137187_yodBp16_forward_2042294_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccattgcttatattggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaattattAaaaccacatctgtataagga
>ECK125137255_yohCp3_reverse_2225679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaggacgttcatcagacagtgaaaattacatgggcgaacaaaaaataatcacaagctgActtatacttgaactgtcagg
>ECK125137257_yohDp2_forward_2225763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccatgtaattttcactgtctgatgaacgtcctttttcagcgtgaatgattcacagggtGtatgcttactggcaaccaaa
>ECK125137361_ypdIp1_forward_2494494_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccgccatcatattgggtgagcatgaaatgagaaatcagagagcaacggtcattttgaaAgggttatcttacagttgtag
>ECK125137392_ypfMp2_reverse_2591070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaataatattaaacatttttaacgtaaacattaagaatattcatcttgttatctgtctgtAttttaaccagaattaaatca
>ECK125137459_ypjAp8_reverse_2782822_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcatcatgatgtctttgatgagcggtgaacacaatacacttgcgctgtctcttcaggAtgaatcccctggtctggtgc
>ECK125137508_yqeFp1_reverse_2985624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctttgtgataaaaatcactttttttaaacaattaagataactgtaattaacaatcatttActattgcactgttaattggt
>ECK125137510_yqeFp11_reverse_2985809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttagaccaaatattagacattatctgaacgtatcatctacaaattaaacaaaatggaGggcaatttaccataaaccag
>ECK125137509_yqeFp8_reverse_2985701_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctacccctctattggtgggttagtggttgcaaaccttacgtgccagttatgtctctgactGctgctcaggcatatttcctt
>ECK125137511_yqeGp1_forward_2985719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaaagtgatttttatcacaaaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataactgGcacgtaaggtttgcaaccac
>ECK125137516_yqeIp1_forward_2988344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaattcagaagcattacgaaatatgaatttacaaacaatagtggcataaatgttAaccatgttaatttacgtaaa
>ECK125137523_yqeKp12_reverse_2990570_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttcttatttttgttctcctgatcaggaactaatggttgcagtggtaggctattattaAtatttcgtggcttcatttta
>ECK125137545_yqfAp10_reverse_3043364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaaaaacatgcagagcaggaaaatatgaccctgactgaactgaaaaaagtcattgctgAcatctatcccggtcagacac
>ECK125137562_yqgAp1_forward_3109534_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttgcgaacaaacaagccatcgacggcaccaaacggtcataataagaaaatcaaacaatAcagctaacaggaactcttgt
>ECK125137548_yqgBp1_reverse_3086250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgtggaggtgatacgaaataatgaaccgttgtctgctgcttaacctgtctcaccgttcTggtgaagattcgttccccgc
>ECK125137590_yqhCp1_reverse_3155384_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatcgtgaggaatttgttcgcgtaaaccagcgattgcgcctttaccaaacagaatgcgGgttggggtgtgcagattaaa
>ECK125137612_yqiCp1_forward_3184831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctggtttatgacttacccttatcgcactacaatggcactcaacacctatcagtacaggGaaactacaatgattgacccg
>ECK120010007_yqjAp2_forward_3247643_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacctttgttacaattagattcaatttgaatttatgtttttgaatgctttcttatctcacGatttaacagggaatagttca
>ECK125137665_yraHp4_forward_3287365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttaaagttcagtctatttaatgttcaatgaaatatttctgcctgtataatctttaaagAtgttgaacatatattcacat
>ECK120010003_yraPp_forward_3296349_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccgcattccttcgcatcgtagtgctcgcattcaggaaatgcatatgctgacggtaaatTgcctgtgcgatctgatcgat
>ECK120016576_yraPp2_forward_3296072_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aacggagcggcccagcttacctgccattgcactaaatactgataatgttgtcttaacggcGattgccaacgatcgcttaca
>ECK125137678_yraRp1_reverse_3299012_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcacttcgtgtccggctttacggaactcgtctgcgggtgaagtaaattctgaatcctcAaattcatcagtgattaaaac
>ECK125137762_yrfFp6_forward_3526274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattgcatgttatttacatttatgtaacttaataaataatcgtcctcaaatcaaattaaaAgtcaataggttgaaataact
>ECK125137786_yrhBp9_forward_3584720_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatttaataatatctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacacaggaAtaataatataacactcaaca
>ECK125137851_ysaBp1_reverse_3725902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagtggtgtgaatcatcaccaccattaaacacgctatccctcgcaggttatcaatccagtAaattttgggctgcatctgtg
>ECK125138046_ytfHp6_forward_4434104_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttacttttagtaagtacgtacaaaaaggtAagtatgaaatgagtcaggtt
>ECK120010005_ytfJp_reverse_4439286_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgggaaattcgataaatagcacatatgattaaaactcagacccaagtggtcggatcaccTgcatatcataagaaggaaac
>ECK125138053_ytfQp6_forward_4449817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttaagacggtatacagagcaggaaaatccataaccgtagccgcatttttcatagtgagAtgaaagcgattacaaacttg
>ECK125136964_adhPp5_reverse_1553994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctctgccgaagccctgcaacaggccattgacgataatttctggcaagccgaataccgcgActaccgccgtacctccatct
>ECK120009893_aerp_reverse_3219120_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattgcgatctaaatcaaattaatcggttaaagataaccgcagcggggccgacataaactCtgacaagaagttaacaacca
>ECK125137639_alxp3_forward_3238555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgccggaaggcgaggtctatgcataaaaagcagcggctgacgtcttccgacgttggccGtttttttatgtgtaaggaac
>ECK125136492_ampGp6_reverse_453684_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accaaaaactatcgtgccagctacaacgttgaaggtgcgttccaggcctccaacaaaaatAtcgccgatgcggttaacagt
>ECK125137915_aspTp1_forward_3946780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggtcccacctgaccccatgccgaactcagaagtgaaacgccgtagcgccgatggtagtGtggggtctccccatgcgaga
>ECK125136355_caiEp3_reverse_35499_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcgattgcggcgctgaaagagatctaccgcaccaccagcgaaatgccggtagaagaaGcgtatcgctatattcgcagc
>ECK125136357_caiEp7_reverse_35399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcggttctgcattcggaagatgccattgaagggccgctggcgtttgccgagaagcgcgAtccggtgtggaaaggacgtt
>ECK125137075_chbGp5_reverse_1817312_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataaagtaatggggctgattcacaccattaaaggcttcgagattgctgccagtaacgccGcacttagcggagaatttaac
>ECK125137208_cldp10_reverse_2098475_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgacgtcattatctctaaccgaatggcagaagagcttaaggatgtggcagataaggtatAcacccgcgatctctttggca
>ECK125136672_clpSp7_forward_922912_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagctcttgtcagcggcagggcgttctgccgataaccgtaaccgaagatgataactgacAatgggtaaaacgaacgactg
>ECK125136578_cobCp6_reverse_670046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacccggaagatcttcaccttcagcctgccggtaaaatttatctggctgaaacgccgtGgtttaacatctcggcgacca
>ECK125137806_dcrBp8_forward_3609913_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccgaaatcaacgctttgcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataagatggAtgaatgagccgttatggccg
>ECK125137106_dmlAp4_forward_1881712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtaacaacaccacgtttagcgtttgctccagcaaggcgatgcgcttgctgacgaacgccGgtgaaacgcccagttcttcc
>ECK125136390_dxrp4_forward_193338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgacaaagtgaaagcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgccgttCtcaggacgatgtacagaaac
>ECK125137290_ecop7_forward_2303851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtctgaatgttctttaagttattcataaagcaaattaataaatctgatgaatatgttaAccttcagcgacatcatcggt
>ECK120009892_flgKp_forward_1138351_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaacattgataatctgttctgaataactcaagtccggcgggtcgctgccgataatactctGtaattgaaggcttataagga
>ECK120009891_flgMp_reverse_1130165_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaatattcttataaacctgtaagctgttaaagattacccgtcccttgccgataaataagcAacacatgataaaagcgccct
>ECK125137156_flhCp3_reverse_1977932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgacagccaccagacgattactcagttgacgcaagattcccgcgttgacgatctccagcAaattcataccggcatcatgc
>ECK120010568_fliAp2_reverse_2001808_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acccactaatcgtccgattaaaaaccctgcagaaacggataatcatgccgataactcataTaacgcagggctgtttatcgt
>ECK120009887_fliCp_reverse_2003676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aaaaatggctgtttttgaaaaaaattctaaaggttgttttacgacagacgataacagggtTgacggcgattgagccgacgg
>ECK120016224_fliEp_reverse_2013093_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaaaattgacgctcccattatttgtgctttcgtttttttctatccgccaataaacccgtTtttttgttgctatttagcgc
>ECK120016703_fliFp_forward_2013205_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caatttttcgagtttgctgacccgggagtgagtcttgttccactttgccaataacgccgtCcataatcagccacgaggtgc
>ECK120010634_fliLp2_forward_2019595_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcgtcttttccccgctttgttgcgctcaagacgcaggataattagccgataagcagtaGcgacacaggaagaccgcaac
>ECK120009886_flxAp_forward_1646388_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aacaattaatgacacaagaaatacgattaaagatttttttgtgcatgccgatagtgctttTttaaaaggagaaatctatgt
>ECK125137968_frvRp4_reverse_4089902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcaaaagccgattacgaagctctgctcacgctgatacggggttttctgacgaccttaActgcggagaaagtcaacgcg
>ECK125137364_fryAp6_reverse_2504493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcttacgcgtgagacggttgttcaactgacggatttcagatgatctcctgattaacccgGagcggttatgttaacgattc
>ECK125136624_galMp4_reverse_788898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgctgatcccggaagagctggtgcctgccgtacagcaagctgtcgctgaacaatatgAagcaaaaacaggtattaaag
>ECK125137847_ghrBp2_forward_3717189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccaatcgccagcaacagcaccgcagaaggtaaggcgcaaaaccgccgtgtagaaattAccttaagcccgctgtaatcc
>ECK125137572_glcAp12_reverse_3121321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctgtaaagtataacgcctatattttacagttcagtcctcttttgcttattacaacctTaagtatatcaagcatataaa
>ECK125137911_glmSp2_reverse_3913811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcagaaagaaggctggcgtcgtccggtaaagaaaaagtgattctggccggctaacccgGtcacatgggatgaggagata
>ECK125137772_greBp8_forward_3536744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttacaaagcatattaaacagcagcttaagtatacaatttattcggcgaaacattattGattctgttgatatgatcacg
>ECK125137917_hdfRp6_reverse_3948160_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactcattgaaggcataaccatgacgctcaagcagttgtgcctctttgatggtgaaatcAccatgacgagagaatccacg
>ECK120015403_hemLp_reverse_174921_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaaTagcagccattcactttttct
>ECK125109035_hemLp1_reverse_174902_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaatagcagccattcactttttCtacgaatcaggaaccctcca
>ECK125109036_hemLp2_reverse_174941_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tactctaagaaatcaggattgcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacTtgttatgaataacatagaat
>ECK125137766_hslOp3_forward_3529733_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgcacccggaccgacgcccggacaaaaaagagcgccgcgacctgttacgatttaaacAcggcgacagtgaataactgt
>ECK125137914_hsrAp6_reverse_3940706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcacgtcaattaccagcgacacagtgataaagctggatctgcatcaggcgattgtcgatGcgattatccaaagcgatggc
>ECK125137199_insHp4_reverse_2067511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaatgttgaagaattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaaccttTttattcttgatgatgtcagc
>ECK125136882_insHp7_forward_1395971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcagcgatcattgttttatcaggctcctccagataattgtcgtcatgccggaaacccctGgcggggctattttaccgcga
>ECK125136552_insLp5_forward_608056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggagtaatcccataagcgctaacttaagggttgtggtattacgcctgatatgatttAacgtgccgatgaattactct
>ECK125137473_ispFp2_reverse_2871911_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacatgactgtctgacgcgcgctctaaatgaaggcgcgactattaccgacgaagcctcgGcgctggaatattgcggattc
>ECK125137430_kgtPp7_reverse_2725760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatttcctttacaaaaaaaataaacaaaagcgaccgacaaaagcatcggattacggcaGgagacataatggcatggctg
>ECK120015438_lolBp_reverse_1263556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgccgaaagccgttagattctggcaattaagacaacttgaacatagacgatagcggacgGtaacgctagcattaagggtt
>ECK125136768_lolCp6_forward_1175374_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttacgggggcttttcagattagccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttacccaTcttgctttcgcttatatact
>ECK120029594_modAp1_forward_794995_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccgcttagtcgggcattttctttttctcaacttcctgcttttcctgccgatattttttctTatctacctcacaaaggttag
>ECK120009888_motAp_reverse_1977302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
accgccatcccgggcagtaaaaagacgtaaactttcccagaatcctgccgatattatcccAcaactgctggatgaacagag
>ECK125137685_nlpIp2_reverse_3309040_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaagcgactgagcagtctcaacctgctgcagcaccggaagctccggctgctgaacaggGcgagtaaggttgccatttgc
>ECK125137761_nudEp9_reverse_3526329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagcgtggagtttaacttgagcatcattaagcacatcacagtaaccgctgatcatagcaAaccctctgaaggcggaatat
>ECK125136777_nudJp6_reverse_1194437_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcggaatccaccaattcgtgaacgcaaaagtattcccaccagctggctgaagatcacctTatatgaaggacgtaatcgcc
>ECK120010266_oppAp_forward_1301085_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atcgtctgaatcaccagaataaataaagtcggtgatagtaatacgtaacgataaagtaacCtgacagcagaaagtctccga
>ECK125137406_pbpCp1_reverse_2647493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttactgaaccagatgcagcaggcgagcattaagcacattgagttccgtgacgatcgctttGtggcggcggttgccgttgat
>ECK125137982_pflDp4_forward_4143858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggtgattctgaccaaagatatcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaagaccAtcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagc
>ECK125136863_pgpBp8_forward_1339182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctgGttctgtattggcttattttg
>ECK120029592_ppdAp_reverse_2964220_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaattttgcaacgtcctgcaacggcgtaaatagtccggaagatgcgccgaagaaatagaAactggccctcgtcttttttt
>ECK125137394_ppkp5_forward_2622874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgccgcgtggctggatggtcaacgtctgccgccgcagggctacgctgccgacgagtaatAcccccgtaattaaagcgcca
>ECK125137123_prcp1_reverse_1915027_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaggcgctgaacgtaaacctcgtgcgcaaaagccggtagagaaagcgccaaaaacagtaAaagcacctcgcgaagaacag
>ECK125137989_purDp1_reverse_4205986_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatccagcctggcggttctatccgtgatgacgaagtgattgccgccgccgacgagcacgGtattgcgatgctcttcaccg
>ECK125137296_rcsCp5_reverse_2319979_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatccactagtcttgtccggtatatgacgattatcagaggttaaggtgatgatttctcGgcggtgtatcatattccaga
>ECK125137931_rhtCp2_forward_4007739_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgacgaagagtagtcagcagcataaaaaagtgccagtatgaagactccgtaaacgtttCccccgcgagtcaaatgtatg
>ECK125137996_rluFp6_forward_4230162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacccggcagcgtcgagttactcaataaaagcagttccattacttctccggttagtaagAaatcacgggaggcatgctac
>ECK125136562_rnkp7_reverse_644180_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaactgtggcaaaacctttgtgattgataaagcgggttattaatcatctgatttacaaaAcacgctaattcgtcttccat
>ECK125137796_rsmDp11_forward_3604315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgAtgaaatagtctatcacttaa
>ECK125137673_rsmIp6_reverse_3293393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaacaggcagacaacgcgcggctttcaaacgagaaaatgttgagggtaccataatgtaTccagtgatattttttttacg
>ECK125137777_rtcAp6_reverse_3556948_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgtgccaccgcgcatgtggaatgccgtaaagatgccgaagtgatcgacgaaatcccgAtggcgtataaagatattgat
>ECK125137745_slyDp5_reverse_3478540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggactagcgatatgcgccgagtttttttaagctagtgagtacacggctgcagaattccGctacaatctgcgccactatt
>ECK125138060_tabAp5_forward_4474783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccttgacccgaaaggcgggaaagcgcctgccgataagttgtgataagacaataattcacGcgttaaggctagcggaattg
>ECK120009894_tarp_reverse_1972716_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caatttcgcggcgggtggcatcagcaataaagtttcccccctccttgccgataacgagatCaacttgttttcaggaaggtg
>ECK125137722_tldDp7_reverse_3392184_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgacgctgtgcgtcttatcaggcctacaaacggaacataaccgtaggtcggataaggcgTttacgccgcatccgacagcc
>ECK125136723_torTp7_forward_1056207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagagtcttcgggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttGagtcgcaaagcggaatgcat
>ECK120034223_trgp1_forward_1492439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtgacgcaaagaggtttttggtcataagtaattaccgtcaagtgccgatgactttctatCaggagtaaacctggacgaga
>ECK125136851_trpAp8_reverse_1317241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtggttaacctttccggtcgcggcgataaagacatcttcaccgttcacgatattttgaAagcacgaggggaaatctgat
>ECK120009889_tsrp_forward_4591633_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcggcgtaatctccgcgggatattcataaagtttttcctttccaggccgaaaatcttgcAtcggtccacaggaaagagaa
>ECK125137936_ubiEp4_forward_4018747_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcggtcggttccggagcagccgaatgatgaagcttatcaacgcgatgatgaatataatcAgcagtcgcgctagcccattg
>ECK120015380_vesp_reverse_1824984_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agttgtaaaaaaagcctgatcaccactaacgtaaatcacccgagttgccgataaccatccAcggttacctgaacgataaca
>ECK125136427_yagGp9_forward_285207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaaaagcgctcggaatttaattattttaagagataaaaccgtctgcggaatatttcccGcagacggctttgttgttttt
>ECK125136480_yaiIp3_forward_405723_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcataaacagaactatgccggaaggcaaaAgcgcgacacaatagaggatt
>ECK125136500_ybaMp3_reverse_490324_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgctgcatcgtgaagtggaagcctatgaagcgcgcctggcacgctgccgccatgcgctGgaaaaaatcgaaaacaggtt
>ECK125136504_ybaNp9_forward_490879_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccactctgtaagctgacaacactcAatatgcaacgaatcatttta
>ECK125136495_ybaYp3_forward_475245_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagcaagccaaagtgagttgagtataacgcaaatttgctactggtccgatgggtgcaAtggtctgaattacgggctaa
>ECK125136515_ybbJp1_reverse_515077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaacgtcagtcggcgtttttacaggctgaagcgcgtgaacgttccgccgaagcagaaGcccgcgccaccaaaatggtg
>ECK125136550_ybdJp5_reverse_606264_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatggcggctcgctgattgggctggtgaaaaagcattgtgagatctgggccggtgactaaGccgggaattgccttacagaa
>ECK125136603_ybfAp8_forward_729082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agtggtcggatgagtagtaaaattacacaaaaggcggtactattttcatcagataaacaaAttcatttttccggtgccatt
>ECK125136635_ybhNp5_reverse_822648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcaggtggatgaaaccatgctgcccaaacgcacctggtggaacctgaccaaaagcgtGctggcgttccactttttacg
>ECK125136655_ybiWp4_reverse_862783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggctttaatgccgacgaaacctctgtaaaagccattaccgattttgccgccgacgagctGcacgttggcgaaattcattt
>ECK125136639_ybiXp2_reverse_839274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtcgcctcaatcaacaagagcggctaccgttatcacccgggcgagccaagaaccttctTgctcacagccaatatgcatt
>ECK125136691_ycaIp8_forward_964108_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaatacgttcctcactttaaacctggtaaagaactgcgcgatcgcgccaatatttacgGttaagttttttactcaaact
>ECK125136740_yceIp5_reverse_1118641_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtaaaccgatcagcgtttttggctggtttgacgtccccgcgacccttgccgacgctggcGcacaggcagactttgccggt
>ECK125136775_ycfDp5_reverse_1188270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgaaagatgaataaatatgcccatacttcacgcattacgttaagcatccgttataatcgGttgcagataccagcctgtgg
>ECK120009895_ycgRp_reverse_1244556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
catgtaaaaaatattcacgcatttgtattaagttttgttaactgtgaccgataaaccaaaGacagtttgtcagtcaggagt
>ECK125136919_ydcFp4_forward_1487231_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacgcagtattcttaagggaacgataaggaggAaccatgaacattaccccgtt
>ECK120029596_yecFp_forward_1995717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gataaaaatatttattggtcattatattaacgtattttatagcactgccgatatcacgctCaaaaaacaaccactgctatt
>ECK125137166_yecHp5_reverse_1989652_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaacacttcccagggttctgtttttcacgctttcttctgtcctgacgatctttatgAgtgatatctgcggcgcaggt
>ECK125137164_yecJp4_reverse_1987802_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctccggcaggtttttttgtgtcctgatgacggtggatgtgactatcgctgaagatgtgaAgtcgctactataacggcttt
>ECK125137181_yedVp6_reverse_2038202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggacgtcgccattcgcaggctccgcgcaaaagttgatgatccttttcctgaaaagctaAttgccacaatccgggggatg
>ECK125137278_yeiRp3_forward_2267742_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggcgctattaaacaccctcaaaatttaacgatttctgcggttaaagcggatgaagctcAccttcgtccgctctcccctt
>ECK125137304_yfaDp5_forward_2356690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgtaaatggcagattgagatgtccacaagtcttcgctgcgaacatccgattacgctActggcccaggcgctggctta
>ECK125137357_yfdPp9_forward_2473572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctgcctgaagcttcgcaacgttaagctgataaacattcGacgcattgcggttatgatga
>ECK125137381_yfeXp5_reverse_2550678_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accagttcagcggggaatggcgtggtcctgaagggttaatgccttcggacgataccctgaAaaactggaaagtcagtaaaa
>ECK125137382_yfeZp3_reverse_2551921_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtggtcggaacggtgatgggcggttatgacgggcatcgcgggtctgcttattatcttgGcgtgcatccagagtttcgtg
>ECK125137439_yfiRp8_forward_2741702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtatggcaaaaaggggctgatgaaaatGccagcacaatacgattaaat
>ECK120029593_ygbKp_forward_2862197_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cccgcattcagccgtcgatatttttgttaaggatcttggtctggttgccgatacagccaaAgccctgcacttcccgctgcc
>ECK125137491_ygdGp2_forward_2930873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaccagcgagccgcgcgtctgcctcgataaagttatcgaaaccatgtacgaaacaggtaAagatatgaacgccaagtacc
>ECK125137503_ygdRp5_forward_2971247_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaagattttcctgctttcaagatatataacgtcggtttataaacagactattatcataGgtaggccaaatgaggataac
>ECK125137561_yggLp3_reverse_3102254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgggaaccttatgcggaacatatgcttgaagtgatgtcttctattgacggttataaaaAcctgtcagagagcaatgatt
>ECK125137638_ygjQp6_forward_3236462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcttgagttcgacacccgactgtggctaacgcagttgtcgcttgggcagaacaaaatctGaaaatgatgtcaggcgttat
>ECK125137703_yhcFp5_forward_3366889_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctcacactgacaatggctccagcttttaaggatgaaggggaactaaccgacatgacagAtattacaggcaatctgacgg
>ECK125137709_yhcMp4_reverse_3380119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtgttggcttcaggctccatgcctgcggctgattatgccActataaccgttaattccaca
>ECK125137818_yhiMp10_forward_3634635_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagactatccggtcttttaccaaataatgaagaataatccctccctggaagataattgtaAaaaacaacagcataagaatt
>ECK120009896_yhjHp_reverse_3679229_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtgaggaaatttaccccggccaggcggtaaagttctgcccttacgcgccgataatctttgTcgagtccgggcagcatcact
>ECK125137920_yifBp9_forward_3949984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttactcccagggctgcgcgggtatgaacaattgacagtgacataagccctccttgagTcaccattatgtgcataagat
>ECK125137954_yihOp3_reverse_4065971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggctggtttcttccccggctggatgctgacgcaaattggctatgtgccgaacgtcgcAcaggctgaccacaccattga
>ECK125137988_yjaHp1_forward_4200511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtactggccgcaacccgcagaccggtaaagaaatcaaaattgccgcagctaacgtaccGgcatttgtttctggcaaggc
>ECK125138014_yjcOp3_reverse_4297330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtaacgagctggttaccgaaaacttaagcccgattacgaaaacgccggagtacaaAtactgcgccgttcgcgtcga
>ECK125109031_yjdAp1_forward_4327079_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacaacacactaaatataaaattatttcttgcagtaattataaaagccgaaaacagaacTcaaaaacaatctggctaaat
>ECK125138028_yjdLp4_reverse_4356507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcactatccgggctttgaaaccgatattcacggtgcataccgtcaggctgatggccgctAtaccgttaaggtattgaaag
>ECK125138057_yjgAp11_reverse_4458046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttgctgacggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgcctgAggccaactccagcgcagtgg
>ECK125138054_yjgAp5_reverse_4458081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaattcaacattctccacttcaccataacgcgtgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttGctgacggcaacttccgcacc
>ECK125138086_yjhUp8_reverse_4520540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggtgacgaatcgctggcgatcaaaaaggggcgatattgaaccttcgattatgcttGatgggtgtattctcagtaat
>ECK125109033_ykfBp1_reverse_266158_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccaggaggtgacggacccgtataccaaagaaaaatactttgagtacgcccatgacggcaaActgatggggcagctactgat
>ECK125109034_ykfBp2_reverse_266227_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatgcaggaaaaaaccgtccagccactgatgaatgcgctgtgtattgccgataacatcaaActggaataccaggaggtgac
>ECK125136451_ykgCp8_reverse_320088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatgatttttgttttgtgattctgattaagaaaaagaaaatatcagacgataagacaaAatatcaagcgttgtgaagaa
>ECK125136737_ymdAp9_forward_1105412_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacctgaaagtatggataacacaaccctcaaggatgactaatcattgaggaaatagaatAaatgttcagaccttttttaa
>ECK125136821_ymgEp7_forward_1244555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtttcaggaactgctcatggtaatgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgTctttggtttatcggtcacag
>ECK125136954_yncDp11_reverse_1523276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgatgaaaacagatgacgtaaatgcatgacgactccctttgatgaaccgatatttttGctgcttcacaatgcttcgct
>ECK125137079_ynjFp6_reverse_1841611_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcgatgcccagttcttcgcgtaactcacgcaccagcgcctgccgctgactttcatccGgctcgactttaccaccggca
>ECK120029595_ynjHp_reverse_1842163_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttgccacccggctaccgttatcagtagCagagacaataacgttaagga
>ECK125109029_ynjHp2_reverse_1842188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaaattaataacgagagtaatctcataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttGccacccggctaccgttatca
>ECK125137111_yoaCp7_reverse_1894112_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccaatgaaatccagggctttatctattacagcaggcatattcttatccttaaaattaaCcatgttatcgataaggctat
>ECK125137185_yodBp14_forward_2042261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggccaacagagaaagatacctgtgctcacgccattgcttatattggctggttacaatAtgcactatcaattttttaaa
>ECK125137417_yphBp2_reverse_2674795_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccatatggaaaaatgcgcccatgatctgacggactggaagctgtggccgcgtaacgccAttacccatcgcttctcgctg
>ECK125137520_yqeIp8_forward_2988415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttacgtaaagttttacgttgcaacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaatataAaattaatatatatttatgcc
>ECK125137677_yraQp4_reverse_3298207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcatgaaggcgtgacgattttaagctcttcagaattacgcaaaagagctgaataattaTtcccaagaattgatagtgag
>ECK125137765_yrfFp12_forward_3526403_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttactgtgatgtgcttaatgatgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagccaaccGcagaatcatgtattgtgtcc
>ECK125138050_ytfIp11_forward_4437617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttataaataaaaagagattgtatttaaagtgcaaaaattcaattgctaataagttacAttttaataatgagcgttttt
>ECK125137715_aaeBp7_reverse_3388236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactggcaaacaagatcgcgacgaaagccaggattcGttcttccgtaaaatggccca
>ECK120010468_ackAp_forward_2413459_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtgtcatcatgcgctacgctctatggctccctgacgtttttttagccacgtatcaattaTaggtacttccatgtcgagta
>ECK125138023_adiCp7_reverse_4337202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagtacgtcgtactttatttctgtctttaaagacttctacggtatgacgccgctgcattAtgttagtcagcacagagaac
>ECK125137333_alaAp9_forward_2407408_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaatcagaacaattcactatataacattgcatgtaaagcatatacacctcattattttGtcattattaagttattaaca
>ECK125138020_alsEp3_reverse_4308667_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagaaccgcttgccggtatgggttttgaaacctatgccattgccagcgccatcattgGcggcaccagtttcttcggcg
>ECK125138018_alsKp1_reverse_4307995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccggacaaccgttcattcctgaaatgctggataaacttgccgaactgaaggcatggcgtGaacgagaaggtctggagtac
>ECK125136490_ampGp4_reverse_453686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaccaaaaactatcgtgccagctacaacgttgaaggtgcgttccaggcctccaacaaaaAtatcgccgatgcggttaaca
>ECK125137163_araHp7_reverse_1983560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcaggcagatgagcgtcaggcactgagccttgcgatgcctaaagtcagccaggctgttGcctgagtaaggagagtatga
>ECK125136917_azoRp8_reverse_1482991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcagtagtctgcctgattaattttcttttaaatgatagatatagagtaccacatcgcgGctttctatgcgttgttcaat
>ECK125136458_betAp5_reverse_327261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagttacacccaggtgaagtccatccaggttgagatggctaaattccagtccatattctaAccaggaggtttatttgcaat
>ECK120016342_bssSp1_reverse_1121058_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gctgttttattgttcatataaatcttaaaagcagaaatttatctgtttccccctttaaaaAttcggtgaatacccttactt
>ECK120016343_bssSp2_reverse_1121032_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
aaaagcagaaatttatctgtttccccctttaaaaattcggtgaatacccttacttattggTatactgaagttgcttcagat
>ECK125136356_caiEp5_reverse_35440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgtatcgctatattcgcagcggcgtgttgaaacactatccatcggttctgcattcggaAgatgccattgaagggccgct
>ECK120033609_canp_reverse_142703_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttacgttcttacactttatctgtggtttaaatcgtcccggagttgccctatattagccaaAcgtaattatttggttacagg
>ECK125137903_cbrAp6_forward_3869314_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggagcaaaggttatctgtttcatggcgcggtcctgatacaaaacgggtcccgccatcataCttcacaaggacttcactttc
>ECK125137155_cheWp5_reverse_1973462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaacaccaggttgtggttaaaaaccttgaaagtaactatcgcaaagtccccggcatttcTgctgcgaccattcttggcga
>ECK125137206_cldp7_reverse_2098413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccgcgatctctttggcagcgactaacatcttgttatcagggctatttacgccctgattGtcttttgttacttacacaac
>ECK120010365_clpBp_reverse_2734205_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttttcacattaatctggtcaataaccttgaataattgagggatgacctcatttaatctccAgtagcaactttgatccgtta
>ECK120033634_clpPp3_forward_456605_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcgtaacaacaaaagattgttatgcttgaaatatggtgatgccgtacccataacacagggActagctgataatccgtccat
>ECK125136791_cohEp10_reverse_1203088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccagcacaaaactggcttttttatagccattgaaaaccagccgtaagtagccaggtgttGagccaacttttccggccaac
>ECK120033625_creAp2_forward_4635243_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaaacattctctgtaagtgccacttggaataacctgctttcgccgctacattgtcgagcGacaggggctgatccagatga
>ECK125136792_croEp4_forward_1202883_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggtctgggttggctcgcgatcaatcatagtggcaaaggaagaattcccgccaacaccAtctctcagttttctggcgtt
>ECK125137461_csiRp5_forward_2795643_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgtgccaattatggctcgctggaaaaagctggtattgtggcaaaaaacacccgttcataAtacgcgctgatcatgatcag
>ECK125136715_cspHp12_reverse_1051284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacgcagctattaacgcatgataAttgagattaagcaaatttta
>ECK125136712_cspHp8_reverse_1051205_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattttagccgtccggcggtcttaaatatcgctggctttattttattaaccccgtatagtGcagcgcagtattttcagtaa
>ECK125137476_cysCp3_reverse_2874028_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccatctgaattcagtgcattcgaactggaattgaatgctctggttcgtcgccactttccGcactggggcgcgcgcgattt
>ECK125136989_dcpp3_reverse_1627422_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catagcacgggatgcttaagagcgggtaatactggattgcaagattgcactccgttatcaGtaagcctacgctatggaaca
>ECK125137805_dcrBp6_forward_3609930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataagatggatgaatgagccgttatgGccgtttatcgaaaggaagaa
>ECK125137340_dedAp2_reverse_2434940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaagtcggtgcccacaaccagccggagagctggatagcagagttgctggcggcaaaggacAgaacgctggcggcagcaacg
>ECK125137338_dedDp2_reverse_2431868_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccggaactctggcctggttgaaaagcgtggttgatgactggtattgtgcgccactggaaGggccgcgcggtgccacggca
>ECK120010272_dnaKp1_forward_12048_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcacaaaaaatttttgcatctcccccttgatgacgtggtttacgaccccatttagtagtcAaccgcagtgagtgagtctgc
>ECK120010273_dnaKp2_forward_12123_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gtctgcaaaaaaatgaaattgggcagttgaaaccagacgtttcgcccctattacagactcAcaaccacatgatgaccgaat
>ECK120010510_dnaKp3_forward_12144_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ggcagttgaaaccagacgtttcgcccctattacagactcacaaccacatgatgaccgaatAtatagtggagacgtttagat
>ECK125136967_dosPp3_reverse_1565743_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagacgaggtagaaaccgtgttgaactctggaaagccagtctttagatgcgccaggatgcAgaggtaatcatgaagctaac
>ECK125138003_dusAp9_forward_4261600_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcttttgcaatgagacaggcgcttcctgttgttatggtatagtaccccgctattgagCctcctgaatagtgatgctga
>ECK125136553_entDp1_reverse_610254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtatacctataacgagccgggacgtacgtggtatatgagcgtaaacacccacttctgAtgctaacgtcagattgttga
>ECK120010971_exuRp_forward_3246508_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tggaccgtgttgcagaacaaaccggcgattgaggtggcgcaggaaacacataacgatcccGcaccgcaacattaacgtttc
>ECK125138080_fecEp3_reverse_4511530_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggtgcgttgctgttggtggttgccgatctgctggcgagaattattcatcccccactggaGctcccggttggcgtgctgac
>ECK125138081_fecEp4_reverse_4511644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccggcgtggccgcctgcggcccgattagctttattggtctcgtggtgccgcatatgatGcgtagcatcaccggtggacg
>ECK125137755_frlAp17_forward_3499759_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttgcccccgcccgtaaaaatattttcactttaaattcaatttgataactacatccattAgccacagcgcgatcctgtgc
>ECK125136364_fruRp8_forward_87947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttgggctttttttgcgaaatcagtgggaacctggaataaaagcagttgccgcagttaaTtttctgcgcttagatgttaa
>ECK125136656_fsaAp6_forward_863530_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggggccatcatgggtcgagtagcgctgaatattgaaaatcatagttgcctctctatttcgTtcaagcattaaaatactttc
>ECK125136507_fsrp8_reverse_504767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcatccagattagaaattctgtattcggcgttgagacttccttcagacgacgcatacagGtatgttagtctggtaataat
>ECK125136508_fsrp9_reverse_504855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacttctctccctgacctgatttcaacgtgttgaaaaatagtatgacgcgacatcatagAcaagtctgcgtccggtgaag
>ECK125137595_ftsPp2_reverse_3162866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatcttaatcgactgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacGtcagtcagtatggcaaagat
>ECK120009900_fxsAp_forward_4368603_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ctaccaaaaatagttgcgcaaacatcttgaaattttgctaatgaccacaatataagctaaAcgcgattcgcaacccattca
>ECK120010335_gapAp2_forward_1862618_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atcacatttttatcgtaattgccctttaaaattcggggcgccgaccccatgtggtctcaaGcccaaaggaagagtgaggcg
>ECK125137979_gldAp4_reverse_4139046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcagctatagagaagttcgaacacgactggaatgccgcatttggcactactcatctctaAaggagcaattatggaccgca
>ECK125137778_glgPp1_reverse_3566773_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgctgatacggtttctgactgttctcttgagaaccttgcagatggcgtcgccagtgggTttgtctttgaagatagtaat
>ECK125137619_glnEp5_reverse_3199753_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactatgatcctgtcgtcgcgcaagcctggctggagaactggcaggggctgcatcacgctAttgcgaccgggcaacgcatc
>ECK120033614_glnSp2_forward_705999_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
aagcggtggagatcttctctgccgctttttttttcatcaatcatccccataatccttgttAgattatcaattttaaaaaac
>ECK125137780_gntUp2_reverse_3577085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtactggtggtggatatcgatcaaccgctggaaggtgttgtggcaagcaccattgagGttattaaaaaaggcaaataa
>ECK125137771_greBp7_forward_3536780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatttattcggcgaaacattattgattctgttgatatgatcacgttatacccaatgtgcGcattatcaaacagacaaagg
>ECK120010058_groSp_forward_4370616_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cagaattttttttctttttcccccttgaaggggcgaagcctcatccccatttctctggtcAccagccgggaaaccacgtaa
>ECK120010367_grpEp_reverse_2750747_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gattgatgacaatgtgagtgcttcccttgaaaccctgaaactgatccccataataagcgaAgttagcgagatgaatgcgaa
>ECK125137415_hcaTp6_reverse_2667928_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacatgcgtcgcggatctcagttttttagtgcttgtgaactggcgttacagacatcgggaAgcaggctcgaatattcttat
>ECK125137416_hcaTp7_reverse_2668053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgccttccattgctttactgatggcgtggaagaaaggggagatgaagccggcattacgcGatttcatcgccattgtgcag
>ECK120033631_hepAp2_reverse_63588_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
agaaaaccaaaagcgtggtcgccccttgcaatatcagaatcgcggcaccattaagtacgtAtggaccaccaacggcccgga
>ECK120033624_holCp_reverse_4484273_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cgctgcggtgtatacctgatgcgtatttaaatccaccacaagaagccccatttatgaaaaAcgcgacgttctaccttctgg
>ECK125136593_hscCp7_reverse_683594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttacctctgttgagcgctgggttggcgtggaaacacaggggaaatatacccagggtatGacggttgttgattattatta
>ECK120033627_hslRp_forward_3529110_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gagcataccggtctggacgcacaccttgatttattactttccacccacacatttggttatCcgaaagaggatcagcggtta
>ECK120010429_hslVp_reverse_4122354_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atacaaactgcattcggctcgccgccgggggttgaaaccctcaaaatcccccccatctatAattgcattatgccccgtact
>ECK120010500_htgAp1_forward_10644_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtggggcagtgtctacgatcttttgaggggaaaatgaaaattttccccggtttccggtatCagacctgagtggcgctaacc
>ECK120010296_htpGp1_forward_495075_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
acgagagcaggatcacctgctctcgcttgaaattattctcccttgtccccatctctcccaCatcctgtttttaaccttaaa
>ECK120010336_htpXp_reverse_1912618_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tctggtgacttacgcactatccagacttgaaaatagtcgcgtaacccatacgatgtgggtAtcgcatattgcgttttgtta
>ECK125137478_iapp7_forward_2876536_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggcaccggatttcgggcgtttaggaagatttgaaattgttttagcgcagcggcagtttcAtactatggcggtaaaaaaat
>ECK120010456_ibpAp_reverse_3867518_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tgcaaaaaaaagtccgctgataaggcttgaaaagttcatttccagacccatttttacatcGtagccgatgaggacgcgcct
>ECK125137543_idip10_forward_3032970_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcgcttcaaatatatgatgctacttttttaaatggtttttacctgtcggcatccgctcAaaacgggcggttgtcgataa
>ECK120033608_ileSp3_forward_22229_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cagctggaagtgcatttgttagatgttgcaatggacctttacggtcgccatatacaagtaGtgctgcgtaaaaaaatacgc
>ECK125136728_insFp5_reverse_1095155_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccagctggcagaacgggatgaagagctggctatcctccaaaaggccgcgacatacttcGcgaagcgcctgaaatgaagt
>ECK125136904_insHp3_reverse_1428926_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcagaacttataaccgacacccacgatgaaaccgtcagtgcgccagtcgccactgccgGggccttcataagcaatatca
>ECK125136407_ivyp5_forward_240329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaatgctgatattggaaatatctgatttgcaaattatcgtgttatcgccaggctttAggaggttaataacatgggca
>ECK125136358_kefFp2_forward_47080_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggggcgggtatctcgctgtttggcttgttgatttccgtagcgtttgccccggagactcGagggatgtcactggcgcaga
>ECK120033622_lapAp1_forward_1340135_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
aacgagaacaagaaagttaacgctggttgattttccgaatttagcccttaaatcatcaacAatgcgtgtggatgccatttc
>ECK120016344_ldhAp_reverse_1442915_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gaaggttgcgcctacactaagcatagttgttgatgaatttttcaatatcgccatagctttCaattaaatttgaaattttgt
>ECK125137885_ligBp4_reverse_3821288_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgctcacactttttgcgcaaagttgttgcgttttgcgtagctgcttccgcatttgcctGtcattcactgcaataaagac
>ECK120010455_lonp_forward_458815_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
taatttttcctctattctcggcgttgaatgtgggggaaacatccccatatactgacgtacAtgttaatagatggcgtgaag
>ECK125138121_lplAp2_reverse_4624238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttacgcctgatgttgctgctctcactggcaatcggtgtagtgctgacccgcacgctgctAcagggtaaacgcacccgctg
>ECK125137505_lplTp3_reverse_2973939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtatgcccgcgagcacggcgtgccggagcttgctgtaccgcgcgatattcgctatctgaaAcagatgccattacttggcag
>ECK120016340_macBp1_forward_920094_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaaggttaacgacgctattttctattacgcccgttttgaagtccccaaccccaatggttTgctgcggctggatatgactg
>ECK120016341_macBp2_forward_920337_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgagattgtcaaagggcttgaagcgggcgatgaagtggtgattggtgaggccaaaccagGagctgcacaatgacgccttt
>ECK125136966_maeAp4_reverse_1555727_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgcgcaatggtgtttttgtttttatctgctttatacttgaggccgacgccctggcgGtaaagcaaagacgataaaag
>ECK125136953_mcbRp3_forward_1520096_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtgatccgcgtggcgggtgatgattaaagtttcaacggcggcgtaagccgccataaaaAtccaggcaaaaagcttattt
>ECK120010136_metAp1_forward_4214233_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aactttctcaccttcaacatgcaggctcgacattggcaaattttctggttatcttcagctAtctggatgtctaaacgtata
>ECK125137260_mglCp5_reverse_2237858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggattattattatctcctctgaaatgcctgagttgttagggataacagaccgtattctgGtcatgagcaatggtctcgtt
>ECK125095205_mhpTp_forward_375386_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
acacgactgccggatgcgataaacgtcttgtccggcctacatttcgcccgtaggcagtcaTtaaatagttctgattacgcg
>ECK120033729_miaAp2_forward_4398982_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
agtctgccctggcggaattgggtattgatttccagtcagatgcacagcatgtgaccatcaGggcagtgcctttacccttac
>ECK125137249_mlrAp9_forward_2214785_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaattcgtgagtacgatcactcaaaatcgcctggcaaaaataaaatcaccctatagatGcacaaaaaacgggcaaaact
>ECK125136420_mmuPp6_forward_275206_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccggaggcgttatgagctggcggccctttttgtatctgattattaatccccacccgctAttaagcgcccggcgcgggca
>ECK120010025_mngAp_forward_765811_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IC|W|Inferred by curator]_Weak
ctgacgccaaactctgtttgtagcgctgattcagtgggtaacgcatcgccaggtttaagcTcgccacgcgcaatttgttca
>ECK125136875_mpaAp4_reverse_1390639_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtgatacaagatcgatgacatagcgttgaagaaaaggatttgataatccgcaaaatttGcacaacactgcctgtaatac
>ECK125136878_mppAp4_forward_1393204_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttttgatggaagttgtttgcatttctttaaggcgaaacaaataattacgcatcaatttTaatgtcggttagagggaaac
>ECK120033727_mutLp2_forward_4397046_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ctgctgggtggggcgggtgatgtgctggcgaacagtcagtctgacccctatttaagccagGcggtgctggatttacagttc
>ECK120010082_mutMp_reverse_3811175_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
taacaaaaaacctcgctccggcggggttttttgttatctgcttgcccccatattgactgcAtctgttcattcctggagatg
>ECK120016345_mutMp2_reverse_3811277_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
acgtactaagccggaaaaactggaactgaaaaaattcgatccagttgttcgccagcacgtGatctacaaagaagcgaaaat
>ECK120033612_narPp_forward_2290422_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atgatgccaaagcgaacgacaaggttgtagttttcactacatgtccatacataaaatgggGtaacattcacgcgcctggta
>ECK120033626_nfuAp2_forward_3545458_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgcaacctgaaaaatgcctttcgtcttgaattgcccgtgcaaggtcgccatatggtgattGtggatgatgtcgttaccacc
>ECK125136932_opgDp8_forward_1496655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaagaacgcagtaaacgtcgctgtggtttgctttaaaatctgaccatccgcctttgcaaAaatttgcctgattttacaaa
>ECK125136757_pabCp8_forward_1153093_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccatcaacctggataacccggatgaaggttgcgatctggatttcgtaccgcacgaagcGcgtcaggttagcggaatgga
>ECK125137407_pbpCp2_reverse_2647368_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgggaacgtatcaggtaccgcaaccgatggtggaatcaatgtatgttccccaatggcgGgcgaccggcgcggctgaaga
>ECK125137980_pflDp2_forward_4143880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaagaccatcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagcgAtgcagtaaaacgtgctgacg
>ECK125136627_pglp2_forward_798539_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccgataccactatcggacaaaattctgcgttttaattcagcattcaccgccaaaagcgActaattttagctgttacagt
>ECK125095209_pgpCp_reverse_2698638_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttatattccattgccgctaattgccatgaattaaaaattccagttagccatgatgcggtCgattgttgccggaaaagtga
>ECK120033615_phoPp3_reverse_1190491_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tttttcactttacctcccctccccgctggtttatttaatgtttacccccataaccacataAtcgcgttacactattttaat
>ECK125137933_pldBp6_forward_4009014_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccgtggttgagcgaggtggtcatagtgttgattgcaccagagcctggcgacaggcttaAaatgatcgatgtcagcaggt
>ECK120033613_pncCp_reverse_2824394_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taatcagcttttttctgaatcctcctcgtaaaattgcaacgccaacaccatcttcctgacGaaagtgctatcttgtccggc
>ECK125137015_pntBp6_reverse_1676548_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggcctgcgttgtcggttattacgtggtgtggaatgtatcgcacgcgctgcatacaccGttgatgtcggtcaccaacgc
>ECK120009968_pphAp_reverse_1923385_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
attcagattgatgatcctaacaatcccggcgaaaaaatgagtctggcaccgtttatagaaCgagctgaaaaactctgttaa
>ECK120010557_ppiDp1_forward_461838_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttttttatttgtattcggtgactttctgcgtcttgtgggctgacaattgcccccgtttcTtgtcacaataggcctttgcg
>ECK125138117_prfCp2_forward_4609344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgttgcacgaactggagcagctcctgtgtaaacactgattgcctcccccccgttgatgGgtaaaatagccgcaattttt
>ECK120033618_prlCp_reverse_3645238_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cgccgcgaaagcgtaacgtttctcattgaaattcactacacttaaccccatgctacacacAttatgtaaagcgcctgttga
>ECK125136414_proBp11_forward_260303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaagcgtaaacaactgccgctaggcttgctgatcccgcgcaacaaaacgccatgctttGctcgcagatggttggcaacc
>ECK125137138_purTp5_forward_1930719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtcataagcatcggcttcctttttgctggtaaacgacattttctcttcgccctcacgaAtgactacgtatttaacttca
>ECK125137883_pyrEp4_reverse_3815985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaagcggtttgcgatctggaatacgttgaagactctgccgcagagaccgacatgaacGtagtgatgaccgaagacggg
>ECK125136541_quuDp3_forward_573774_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgaaatggggaatgaatgatgtttgagtttaatatggcagaacttcttcgccaccgctgGgggcgtctgcgcttatatcg
>ECK120033709_raiAp_forward_2737104_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
aaaagattcgttgacaaaaagtgacaaaattatgagattttcatcacacattttgacatcAggaacggtatgctgaattca
>ECK125137927_rarDp4_reverse_4004241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgcgttgaattacacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccagtgccaccgccacctatAtggtaggttgaagacataaa
>ECK125137928_rarDp5_reverse_4004297_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgagcgttttactgctactagtagcctgttgcgtgcaggcaataaagtcgccgtcgcccGcgttgaattacacaatgaag
>ECK120033635_rdgBp_forward_3096620_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgggttgccaaaagccaggtggtgattgaaaaaggcgaacttggccgccacaaacaaattAaaatcattaatccgcaacaa
>ECK120010457_rfaDp3_forward_3793865_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcactattcacatgcaaaaccaacatccgccatgaaggactagctaaaacccaaactagtTtgttgcaattagcatccttg
>ECK125137218_rfbXp5_reverse_2109676_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaactattatcatcctgaaagcgattgtggaatatgttggaatgatgaacgcattgcaAttgattggccccaaacatca
>ECK125137214_rfcp7_reverse_2107394_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggttgttacaaaagaatatccattagagtggaaagttggcgacgaaccctactatccAgttaatgataataaaaacat
>ECK125136604_rhsCp3_forward_729379_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaactggtgatttttattgattgctgagttttgaatacattgaaaaccgccagcggaaAcgctggcggttttttgtatc
>ECK120033610_ribEp_forward_434504_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccgcggattatgcacgctgccagggcttgagaaattagccgacgccccccaatttaaattCaaagagatacgtcatgtagg
>ECK120010388_rlmEp2_reverse_3327731_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atcgtattttttgcttacgttgggattgaaaacgggtcattctaccgccatctcccatatAtcaccaaataggcgcgtaaa
>ECK125136576_rlpAp5_reverse_665222_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgctaattgtgctgatggctgggttcgggattgtaatgtcaatccacacccacaggaaAatgttgtcgaaaagcgtgta
>ECK120033628_rnlAp_forward_2765906_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttagcaaatcaatacacttcaggggggtattattgtagagtttccccatatgtttctatGggatccaggaaatgacaatc
>ECK120033713_rpmEp_forward_4126908_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cacattgccgtagaagagtgcggatcagtttgcatacgctggttaatttctgtatgatttCgcgccttcgtacgaaatgat
>ECK120010384_rpoDp3_forward_3212688_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cgtggtacaaataatgctgccacccttgaaaaactgtcgatgtgggacgatatagcagatAagaatattgctgagcaaacc
>ECK120009864_rrsAp1_forward_4035239_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cagaaaattattttaaatttcctcttgtcaggccggaataactccctataatgcgccaccActgacacggaacaacggcaa
>ECK120009872_rrsDp1_reverse_3429047_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagaaaaaaagatcaaaaaaatacttgtgcaaaaaattgggatccctataatgcgcctccGttgagacgacaacgtgaaac
>ECK120009867_rrsEp_forward_4207863_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agtcatttttctgcaatttttctattgcggcctgcggagaactccctataatgcgcctccAtcgacacggcggatgtgaat
>ECK120009870_rrsHp1_forward_223485_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaaataaaaatgcatttttccgcttgtcttcctgagccgactccctataatgcgcctccAtcgacacggcggatgtgaat
>ECK125137739_rsmBp4_forward_3434991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaattgaaggacagccggttaaagtctggaaagcatcggtcattgatacggcaaccaacGctgcaccaggaacgatcctt
>ECK125137674_rsmIp8_reverse_3293553_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaatggcgagtaattgccagttgatcctggtatcatcagagctttgctgcatctgctGaagataaaaggcagaatcag
>ECK125137283_rsuAp3_reverse_2280548_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctaatagtatgccatggatctttttcccttgagggatgttattagaccgctatactggGcagacaacagttcagatttt
>ECK125137144_ruvBp1_reverse_1945366_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgctcgccctgacgccagcagtgaaactttaattcgcgaagccctacgcgccgcgttatGaggtaaaggatgattgaagc
>ECK125137146_ruvBp4_reverse_1945544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgttgaaatgaaagaccgatttaaaggtttgcatggcgatctctttacgccagccgccGacctggtactcacgtctcct
>ECK125137408_ryfAp11_forward_2653699_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatattacttaaacatgtaaattcactttcctttaaaaaacaaaaaaccgccaaaatcaGgcggttttttgttgctggtc
>ECK125137259_sanAp3_forward_2232684_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttctggcagaaaaagccgatgcgccgttgattcagtgggatgccacctccgcaacgctgAaagctctcggctgtcacagt
>ECK120011047_sdaAp_forward_1896809_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ctatacttatctttacatctacaaaacactacttgagacaatcatcgcaatattagttaaAtcgcggtttttgattagttt
>ECK125138123_sltp7_forward_4630700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtaacgtggcgtaaacggcaatgactggttagcataaatctattacgcggcatgacgctGcattgatgtatttacactta
>ECK125137744_slyXp4_forward_3477431_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacggccattgtggtcgccagcagcgttactttaaacagtgatttcatccatatctccaGgatcggggcatctcacccca
>ECK125137343_smrBp4_forward_2448568_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcattcacgcgcggtgagtgaggaaaaatacgtttaaaacgatcgattgcgctacgagtcGggtaaactgtaggaaaatta
>ECK125137490_sydp2_reverse_2925369_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcgtcataggtatcccggtaatcggttgattttccaagagtcaggcccgcaagtgcctGatggtttgcataagaagaca
>ECK125136992_tfaQp6_reverse_1634956_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcggtattggtgctcatacgcactccgttgcgattggttcacatggacacaccatcaccGttaacgctgctggtaacgcg
>ECK125137721_tldDp6_reverse_3392075_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggcctacaaaccggaacataaccgtaggctggatagggcgttcacgccgcatccggcAgccgtaaaaaatcctctact
>ECK125136615_tolBp3_forward_777560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttgtcaggctgcgttggcagcagctaaacttgcgaagatcccgaaaccaccaagccagGcagtatatgaagtgttcaaa
>ECK120010491_topAp1_forward_1330980_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcgtgaacagagtcacgacaaggggttgatatccgcagagagcgagtccatatcggtaacTcgttgccagtggaaggttta
>ECK120010437_trmAp_reverse_4163295_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcacaaataggaattcatcaagatctggacatctgatgagcaatccctacaatcgccgcGtactttaatttttcaggata
>ECK125136850_trpAp7_reverse_1317339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcctgcacgaagggatcatcccggcgctggaatcctcccacgccctggcccatgcgttGaaaatgatgcgcgaaaaccc
>ECK125137743_tusBp7_reverse_3475109_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtgctggcgcgtgattacattgccacttttaaattgttgggtctgtacgacattgaacAgtgctgggtttgtgcggctt
>ECK120033633_xerDp_reverse_3039851_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttctgccgccatttcggtgtaacaggtgctggaaccgtaaaaaagacccatattcataacGtaagcttctcgattctgctg
>ECK125136348_yaaWp3_reverse_11542_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgatttacagttaagcggtgcatcggtttatttcaaagccgcccgtagcgccagtcagaGcctgaatattccttcagaaa
>ECK125136371_yadDp4_forward_146959_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggtggctgacgatagcgcgccttgactggatactgccttcacgcaaagccacacggaagAcagggaagatggatgcaccg
>ECK125136398_yafCp6_reverse_231083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcataggtgttttttcgcacttttgactttgaaacctctattacgtcaacccttccgcActcgggagggttctactgtt
>ECK120033632_yafDp_forward_231064_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcacttgcttacataacaatatacaattgctcgttgaaagagtgagctaaaatccctataAcagtagaaccctcccgagtg
>ECK125136426_yagGp8_forward_285353_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcggaaataagatatgaccattgctggttaattgaatagctcattacactccattaacAcgatgttgtaattcggcaca
>ECK125136432_yagNp4_reverse_295671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtattaccataaaaaacaacgttgatatgcgttgattccattaaaaatcaacatattacAaaatatcatcaactattgat
>ECK125136463_yahNp5_reverse_346435_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattattttcatattacggctccagagttgttatcacactatcacccacccacattattgGgttgattaataattagttca
>ECK125136466_yaiOp5_reverse_380973_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcgctaccggatgcgataaattaggttgttatatcgggcagcgttcacgccttggcgtAcaagttattattttgcctgg
>ECK125136469_yaiSp9_reverse_384708_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaagcccttgcttttcagttattagcaacatttaacAtttataaattaacatctggc
>ECK125136486_yajDp6_forward_430469_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgcgaacacatgttgcagcagaaagtggaaaaagaaggggcggatcagccgtcaattcTgccgtaatcaagttcccgtt
>ECK125136488_yajLp2_reverse_443748_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccacagcggaaaatatctcgtcgatgttgcaggatatccgcgcgctgcgccacactgaAatcgactatatcaatggttt
>ECK120016346_ybbNp1_reverse_518490_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
caaccagacgcaaagtgataaaccagtcgaaaatcccggcatcgccgcccgctttacgttGggaccggaagcggtggtgga
>ECK120016347_ybbNp2_reverse_518568_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
catggagctgcgccacagcggaattaaagtcagcctgatcgaacccggtcccattcgtacTcgcttcaccgacaacgtcaa
>ECK125136526_ybcJp5_reverse_557006_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtgattgatgtcggcatcaaccgtctggaaaatggcaaagttgtgggcgacgtcgtgTttgaagacgcggctaaacgc
>ECK125136540_ybcNp6_forward_572314_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgttttaagaaggagcaattctatcgattttgattttgggaaatcaacacggcataattAtgtcaccggagcctgaacaa
>ECK125136548_ybdJp3_reverse_606411_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaccgctaacggaagataccttgcgattgctggaaaaaatcgccccttccgcacataaaAttggtgcatcgagcgcgatt
>ECK120033619_ybeDp_reverse_662706_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cactggtttggttaaaaattaaacacttgaaagtgtaatttccgtccccatatactaagcAtcagtaaaaaactcccgcct
>ECK125136570_ybeFp6_reverse_661510_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccttcgcgtttgtatattttctttatcacttgcagaaatgcggtgccacgccttgctccGtaactcaccccattgattaa
>ECK125136583_ybeQp10_reverse_676624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaatattagccgcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctgacgcgacataatacGcataaaataaggcttacgca
>ECK125136591_ybeUp5_forward_679465_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgtgtgaatgcttcgattttctttttattttgaaagcgtcaagtttatactcatcaataAtaaaaaagtagtcagttaat
>ECK120033620_ybeZp_reverse_693469_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tctcaggcctgccgttccggtgggccttgttttttctctctttatccccatctttattgcAatgcttgcgcctttttcctg
>ECK120035106_ybfEp_reverse_711939_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcgcgtgggcgttggcgtgactcatcgcgctgatgtattatggcgcgctatccatccgggCagaggcctggctgattgttt
>ECK125136614_ybgCp6_forward_774644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattttcttcttcttttaaatcagaattctctttaaaaaattatgggccgctccaggcccAtaaatttttacgctccctta
>ECK125136612_ybgEp4_forward_774150_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattctgctctacaccgcctggtgttactggaaaatgttcggtcgtatcaccaaagaagAtattgaacgtaacacccact
>ECK125136623_ybgSp8_reverse_785496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggggttttacactatgaacggattaatcctggaattagcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcGcgaaaaacgagatctctcct
>ECK125136637_ybiAp6_reverse_832960_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttcaggggtaatggtttttctgtttctggaaagcggctcgcaataaccaccaacataAtgcggtttaatgcccgttcg
>ECK125136646_ybiPp5_reverse_852626_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggacccctttccactcttcacgcactcttgcaggtattgacccttgacgccagggtaaGcacatggcgtttgttacgat
>ECK125136668_ybjEp5_reverse_915077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctaccgggtcgggcgcgaggtaacatccctgtaaaacgcgccctcagcccacatccatGtgggctgccccggccttcag
>ECK125136689_ycaIp6_forward_964105_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggaaaatacgttcctcactttaaacctggtaaagaactgcgcgatcgcgccaatatttAcggttaagttttttactcaa
>ECK125136682_ycaKp4_forward_949574_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgattacgggccacggcaaagaaagtggcaaagtcagacatattcatccgcattagtgAaaatccttcattaactcatc
>ECK125136703_yccSp3_reverse_1023976_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcattggcattcctgtcggcattgcgaactttaaaattgccgctattgcactatggccgGttggtcgtcgcgtggtatcg
>ECK125136731_ycdUp11_forward_1095759_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctgaatatgccaaccccggtagctttccttgaaataagtaataagccctatttgggGaatatgttaaatgattttgc
>ECK125136753_yceFp8_reverse_1146607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcaacctgcaaaacgaagcgcatagtttaaaatggctatcatcaatacgctatatctgAtggaaaaaaatatgcctaaa
>ECK120033621_yceJp_reverse_1119071_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atcattcaatttgttatttttgtgttgcaattcattctccgacacgccattttctttctcTcgcaaattcgttttggatgc
>ECK125136770_ycfZp5_reverse_1181380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaatgtttattattctcccgggcatcctgaaaaggctgagataaataacccgtgggttAatttttttaaatgggggttt
>ECK125136771_ycfZp6_reverse_1181346_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggctgagataaataacccgtgggttaatttttttaaatgggggtttatcggcattatggGcgttatttttatcgccgtcg
>ECK125136843_yciAp8_reverse_1312414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggctgccgcaaaatatttgggtcaactttaaagtctttggcctgaccgcccttaccttAatcttcacattgttaagcgg
>ECK125136847_yciEp7_reverse_1315321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagcagcgaagcttctgaaagaaaccctggaagaagaaaaggccaccgacatcaaactGactgatctggccattaataa
>ECK125136853_yciNp8_reverse_1330702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttgccagtaaggcgctcttgccaccagcgtggtatatttgtctgcaagccatgcctgGcgtagactaatgtccttgtt
>ECK120033623_ycjXp_forward_1384069_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tcgccggtcgatgacaacacgggcagttgataatcaatggcctggcccccacattcatatCcttacgaatgattttttttc
>ECK125136876_ycjYp6_reverse_1392072_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcccaatcgttcttctatacgacgcactatctggcttaaagctgactgcgccatgctcaGgcgggctgctgcacgagtga
>ECK125136877_ycjZp7_forward_1391872_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggattattgctgttagtgaagctgactttattattcatcattccgttcctcatggagttGtcggttcgttttaacggttg
>ECK125136894_ydaSp3_forward_1420170_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagtcataaattgatggtggttggactttaaagtggcgtgcgacctccgcctttgatttGacggatcccgatgcgatttt
>ECK125136949_ydcXp9_forward_1517354_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgattttttctcaaactggtgaaaaaacttgatgcacgtcaaaaaatgacgcatatttGcgcgcgttttattcatctgg
>ECK125136958_yddEp5_reverse_1535869_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggccggatagcccttcgctctccggccacttgcaggctatgatagttctccagtcacaGgagaacgttaatgaaaccgc
>ECK125137001_ydfAp6_forward_1648457_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcacttgaccgatatgttagtcatggctaatcttgtttgcatcaacacaccgcacggtgTtctcagcaaacagttccgct
>ECK125137013_ydgDp4_forward_1671953_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgtcccgtctatagtatttatgagggtttgcttttaataatcataattacccaccagaGtgtgatatgcgtacaaccat
>ECK125137016_ydgHp5_forward_1678377_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatatgaaaaatgacgcagacagttacaccgtttaaatgcaataatcagccacgtttctcGttaataacaataccagtacc
>ECK120033611_ydhQp_reverse_1746202_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
acaacccaataattcgtgtatcagagtttaaacagagttgtttgccaccatctcaaatctGtcgtggataaatcctccgta
>ECK125137052_ydiHp2_reverse_1765291_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaagggcgggtgcgcggcgtatgcaaaccgttgcatctcggttcgcgtcaccaggtctgGcagattgaaatcttcgatga
>ECK125137070_ydjOp4_reverse_1813348_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcccggttttgccgggagttacatgacctgaaattctgtatttcgttgctacattcattcAaaccacctgtaacaaaaagc
>ECK125137078_ydjXp5_forward_1833217_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accggcatcgactatgaaatccgcagcatggaaaaaccgtccgatcacgcccccgtctggGcgaccttccgccgctaattt
>ECK125137103_yeaQp3_reverse_1879360_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactgatcgttgatggcgcaatttctgcgccatcgcaaAaaaaacctccgtgatgctcg
>ECK125137171_yecCp3_reverse_1997823_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgactgtgttatcgacgttgcagaaccattttgagaatcaacttaatcgccaggagagAgaaccaaaatgagtgccatt
>ECK125137173_yedEp8_forward_2008155_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtcctgcatgagaagaaaagaggattgtggcattaaagccctgatgtcgccagcctttcAaggttcagagagaaatttga
>ECK125137183_yedYp4_forward_2039286_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accggggactatttcaagaaacaaaatcttgaaagtttcttccctgagatccccgttgaaTttcatattaataaagtgaac
>ECK125137189_yeeJp8_forward_2044763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacatcttaagcgccctcgacctttatggttgagggcgttttgctatgaacgccatcaccAttttcccctcgattataaaa
>ECK125137232_yegSp5_forward_2168558_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtttagttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcggtggcagccgttagtAttcgctgtccccattgcaag
>ECK125137265_yeiEp5_reverse_2249711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggaataaaatgccacagtgtacgatgttgtttctgtaaggtgatattcgtcataacccTctcctttaaccgggcataag
>ECK125137276_yeiQp5_forward_2266164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaacaccttacgccctcaattttcactcgttgattgatcgccctcacacttcatcgcattAacaatccagaccaatttcaa
>ECK125137303_yfaEp2_forward_2348338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtctgaataaagacattctctgccagtacgttgaatacatcaccaatatccgtatgcagGcagtcggtttggatctgccg
>ECK125137320_yfbLp3_forward_2385760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgattatatttttatttcgcatataaaatccttttaaataaactcaggcaccagacataAaatatactctttgtataatc
>ECK125137334_yfbRp3_forward_2408831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agctgtaatcttaatttcactgccggagattgcatccggcagcgttatcccgccacaatgAcctgatgatgtcatcatacg
>ECK125137349_yfdFp4_forward_2462802_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcaaacagcctgttggcagcttgccctttcaaatcaataagcggtatccacagacaaAcctgaagggaaaggcatatt
>ECK125137355_yfdPp5_forward_2473422_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaggttttttatctgacggatcatgttttgattttactgacggatccccgccagattctGacgggtgaaaacccgatttt
>ECK125137376_yfeHp3_forward_2526933_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaactggaagaagcacaatagaaccatcgatcAtctggagtctttatgaaact
>ECK125137386_yffOp8_forward_2561902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaattgtggaatcgaatcaaggaaggtggcaattgctgccctgcttcgcgtcatgcgtgAaccagactttcaatgcctgg
>ECK125137413_yfhRp4_forward_2664204_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactacatgctgaccggtaacatcgttgctggtaacccgcgcgttgttaaagccatgctgGcgaacatgcgtgacgagtta
>ECK125137438_yfiRp7_forward_2741677_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtaaaagctttcctgccagctgcaacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtAtggcaaaaaggggctgatga
>ECK125137451_yfjIp10_forward_2758928_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaattcatactcaattgctgtcatcggagtgtaaacatcctgctatttccgccattaataGcggaatagccatatttgcta
>ECK125137456_yfjPp8_forward_2767540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgcacccacgactaaatttccccccctttaaacttctcaataatgtcaccaattttctGgaaatcctatgatgcctttc
>ECK125137458_yfjXp2_forward_2775888_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaccagcaacatttcaccttcccaaacgcgctttattacctcatacgccagccatcgccGctggcgttttttattcacgg
>ECK120033616_ygbFp_reverse_2878915_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcttatagaggacgtgcttgccgctggagaaatacaaccgccggccccacctgaagatgcAcagcctgttgccattccgct
>ECK125137470_ygbLp4_forward_2863569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggataagcctgtctcactcgcccttaaatctggcaacttcggtgatgacgcctttttttcAcgagcccaaagagagttttt
>ECK125137471_ygbLp5_forward_2863537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttccccggcgtgccgtgggtaaacgcactggataagcctgtctcactcgcccttaaaTctggcaacttcggtgatgac
>ECK125137494_ygdIp10_reverse_2943263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgatgcaccgatcgtgacgcaaaattcactttgatacaaggagagtgctaaccatcagaAttatctggatatcctggcga
>ECK125137493_ygdIp7_reverse_2943229_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacaaggagagtgctaaccatcagaattatctggatatcctggcgaagccgcgtaagtaAcatatgctgaatagtgttag
>ECK125137530_ygeWp5_forward_3006118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcgtattttacaaacaaccagaagctggcatcaatttgtgatcaaccccacacattaTccgtcaaattagtcttttgc
>ECK125137552_yggIp5_forward_3089749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttcctcccatcgcggaggaagccacctcttgcagtcatcttttcttcgctctatcctctGccgctatgaaaacatcccgt
>ECK125137566_yghDp4_reverse_3111307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcgccgagttgtcagcgatagccagcaccctgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaAtgcgtggttttacctttgat
>ECK125137570_yghJp7_reverse_3119266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacgttgtgaaatgttgttaattttttgtttgttgaaatttcgtaaaaatagccagatagAcatcgtataggggttattct
>ECK125137576_yghQp7_reverse_3132525_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgaagattggctataacggcacaaaaattcttgagattgattccagagcgccctacagcGaagtgctggaacaggcacag
>ECK125137578_yghTp4_forward_3133977_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcgtggaattaattattgacatattacgttgattcacgaaaaacccggcagtaaatAatgtattgaatattacgtgg
>ECK125137601_ygiVp3_reverse_3169291_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgaagtcgataaagactggaattctgttgaaattgacgtcaaacagatccgcaaagtaaAtccgtaattgttaccgctcc
>ECK125137602_ygiWp5_reverse_3169887_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagcgcctcttttccctgacgaccttgtgtaaaccagtcgacgctaaaacccattttactAaggcccgttttgatgccgtc
>ECK125137604_ygiWp7_reverse_3169688_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcccttaagaagttgttaaggactatcttgttaaatgctcggaaacagacattaaagGgagtaataaacatgaaaaaa
>ECK125137635_ygjQp3_forward_3236399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggagaaagagcataacaaagcgttttaccagttgtgttgtcatatggaaccccagtaccAccagcttgagttcgacaccc
>ECK125137655_yhaKp3_forward_3254291_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgtagcgtccagccccttaccatAaaaggaagtaaagagaggtc
>ECK125137700_yhcAp11_forward_3361978_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctatcagcgttcagtatttataagaacttgtaatacagtttttatttttacgcattaaccAgttagctataactcggacag
>ECK125137704_yhcHp2_reverse_3369562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtctggcagaagggtatctggcgctggtggaaacgtatctggcgcaggagccagcggcAtttcatgttgatttactggc
>ECK125137713_yhcOp3_reverse_3386303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtactttggccagttgctggaagaactggaaatctaccaggaaaagctacgcatctggcAagcgccaccgcaggtgacgg
>ECK125137727_yhdJp2_forward_3411617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatgaactaattcaggttagctaaatgcttgattaaaaaggcgctactcggcatggggaAgcgccttttttataggtgtc
>ECK120033617_yhdNp_reverse_3439546_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
acgtaaaaaaacccgccccggcgggtttttttatacccgtagtatccccacttatctacaAtagctgtactctttttgttc
>ECK125137735_yhdVp9_forward_3418196_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatcagaaacataaaggcgctttcgggtgcctttattatttccagtgaaacccataaaaAttaataagatattcttctgc
>ECK125137774_yhgAp6_forward_3543147_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggatgaaaactcgctaatacacaggtgtggagtggcgcgtagagtcgcggcattcaaAcaacaggtgaaggaacgcca
>ECK125137788_yhhAp6_forward_3586729_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctaccattccctgtttcgcgcgtaccgggtggaagacatcttcctccacaccatacgagAcgggcggcgcaggaggcgcg
>ECK125137815_yhhJp3_reverse_3626848_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgctggatctgactgatttgtggcaactttttatcccgttactgatagccatcccgctGgtgatgggcttaagtatcct
>ECK125137781_yhhXp4_reverse_3580859_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttcgttctcaatttatccacgggagtgcttgtgttcgttatgcgcactccagtaggaAccacgtccgctttgcgctaa
>ECK125137837_yhjVp3_forward_3700398_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccagcttaatttctttatttgcaatagttgcagttcatatccgggctgactccagactgGtagtgaaatgcgcaattttg
>ECK125137846_yiaDp4_forward_3716356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccacgcgagctaaacacggtttcgccgtcggtttcaaccagcatgggcccccaatgggcGgcagtcagaacggaatatcg
>ECK125137900_yidFp5_reverse_3855790_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacaactggcaccaggcgggcatgttattctggatttcgattggcattctcgccatcgtgGcgctgatcctctggcactac
>ECK125137945_yihAp9_reverse_4050985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcgctctatgggtgctactttacgcctttgctttaaacaaacaatcaaccgccatcagtAtttgcacattttcagagttt
>ECK125137960_yihVp6_forward_4073532_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttcacatcaaagacgcgaagttgatgcccttgctgcaataaattgctcgccattggcgAacccatttgtcctaaaccga
>ECK125137983_yijOp5_reverse_4148429_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttatccggcctacagatcgcggcggtaggctggataaggcgtttacgccacatccggcAatacaactgccgcaatgttt
>ECK120010496_yjaZp_forward_4189753_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatgactaatatcctgaaactgactgaactaattgagtcaaactcggcaaggattcgatActattcctgtgtaactttct
>ECK125138006_yjcDp7_forward_4278314_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaagagaaaaaagcagcaaacttcggttgaaaaagccgctatgatcgccggataatcGtttgctttttttaccacccg
>ECK125138015_yjcOp4_reverse_4297134_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggaggctgtttttttatccattcgaactctttatactggttactccctacccaatcgtAttatcaaaatgaaaaaaatt
>ECK125138016_yjcOp5_reverse_4297222_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagtacgtgattgacgagtacaacaagttgaaaactcgcctgcgcgaagcggcactggcGtaataccgtcctttctacag
>ECK125138030_yjeJp7_reverse_4374369_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctttaattattcatatgcattgctgttgttactttttatatagctaacaccaataattAacctttcttttctgtttata
>ECK125138037_yjfPp4_forward_4416756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaggcacttaacatcaacaccaataataaactggcaaaccggtaaataacgctattacgTttcctgctaaccatagtgta
>ECK125138041_yjfZp7_reverse_4427526_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtgcatcgttatatccataatgagcgatttttgatattaatatctttcaccatccgctAttttcaccacttcagaaaac
>ECK125138070_yjgBp8_reverse_4496349_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcactgaagaggtatgcggaaaacgttgtggattatacctgtcgcacgccaccatgcAagcgccagcttgctcgcacc
>ECK125138075_yjhBp2_forward_4504020_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcgtatttgaagacaatataattatttctggatattgttgaggctccctaatatttActttaagggctatattagaa
>ECK125138103_yjiAp6_reverse_4588995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaatatctcggccaggcggcgaagatgttgattggcattccagactacgacaactacGtcgagcatatgaagaccaac
>ECK125138097_yjiLp2_reverse_4564793_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggcgtgccatacctacgcggtggaatcgctggcgattaaacgtcatgtgcgccagcagcAcaacattccttatatcgcta
>ECK125136457_ykgEp10_forward_321537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgtcatacaaatgaggggtggtatgttgctagccaattaaaaaagaacgccatatttAttgatgattgatcccccggt
>ECK125136436_ykgJp3_reverse_304262_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgaattagtacgtaaaatcggtaacggctggaaatcattcaatactcacactatcgaaaGttccccagccaaccgcggta
>ECK125136870_ymjAp5_reverse_1357810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatctgatccgccgctatcgcaaagtgccgttgtatgatggtgacagaacgccggtgagtGaaacgtaatagtcggatgcg
>ECK125136913_ynbAp3_forward_1477462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgcaatacgggaacaagcgatgagaaaacttgatgagttgtattgatccacaacgtaAtgttttttaactatctgatt
>ECK125136981_yneJp6_forward_1614788_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtatgaagatacgcagatttactcttgctttaaaatgaataatattaagccacttattcAcgaatcgagaatgctatgga
>ECK125136983_yneKp6_forward_1615550_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggcattgcgcttattccgcgctctatgctggaaagtatgccggggcatcaccaggttgaAgcgtggccgttagctgagca
>ECK125137003_ynfAp4_reverse_1655699_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggacgcaaaacgtaccaggagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactAtacatgatgtcaataagaga
>ECK125137006_ynfCp9_reverse_1657547_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgagggcgagcagaagcgcggcacagcaggttgagagtttcatcataagctccttacgcgAagataacttctttaagcata
>ECK125137047_ynhGp4_reverse_1758945_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatattgtcaatttcgatgtgcgtccgtggtttgaaaaaatggcgctcacccaacatctcAccccatctcgttcacaaggt
>ECK125137107_yoaBp2_forward_1893321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatgtcaggatgagggcgctttcgccagttgaagtggtgacggcgacctcacattgtGgcagtctttgcagcacgaaa
>ECK125137184_yodBp13_forward_2042308_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaattattaaaaccacatctgtAtaaggaatttttaaggttcg
>ECK125137186_yodBp15_forward_2042176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacagacacgctcatcactatgacgtgtctgtatattaataagctaacccgcattgagttAaccaataacggattccatac
>ECK125137176_yodCp7_reverse_2028410_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgcgcggtcaggcacattaatactcgcactggctattatgcaaaattcgccatcttcaActaaggtgaacaagtttcac
>ECK125137418_yphBp3_reverse_2674788_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggaaaaatgcgcccatgatctgacggactggaagctgtggccgcgtaacgccattacccAtcgcttctcgctggaacagg
>ECK125137441_ypjDp4_forward_2747846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcaaacattgtctctcgcctggggtggaaacggttggccgcaatcgcgacacatcatcAgtattttgccgcagtataac
>ECK125137534_yqeCp5_reverse_3015234_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggctacaaaactgcaacgcatttttgatacttgtatcaagaattgttccctgttcccaGggtaacatcattttccattg
>ECK125137513_yqeGp8_forward_2985819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagatagggcgttaatctcccatacttaacctggtttatggtaaattgccctccattttgTttaatttgtagatgatacgt
>ECK125137549_yqgBp4_reverse_3086182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgttccccgcactctgcatctctgctttgcatacctgccgatgttatacccatctcgGcgcttctcaggattcaagag
>ECK125137556_yqgEp3_forward_3092884_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtaacccaccttagcgagaaggatctcgttgagactctgagtgacagcgcccttctttcCacgcatactgggcgctgttg
>ECK125137587_yqhAp7_reverse_3149575_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctttaagggtagacgttctcgatgcgttgataagggaaccaggaagatccctaaacctcAgaattatgcgacaaaggttt
>ECK125137591_yqhHp4_forward_3158421_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttcacgcgttgatgaaattcgagtcctggagaaaaccgccgattccgcccgcattcatGttcgttttacgctgaccaat
>ECK125137644_yqjFp3_forward_3250472_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaattttttgaagatttttgacagttttccttgctaacaatcatcattcaccacgtttAtgattctctccatcgacagc
>ECK125138000_zurp7_reverse_4260114_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaaaaatgaattattaattattatcgtgttgataatggtacgacaaggcaacataacaCcttacctacaaaacagaaaa
>ECK120010669_acnAp1_forward_1335424_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgttccgtcgttattccagacgactggcaactaacatcgcagcagcaagcctttatagAactgtttgctgaagatgatc
>ECK120011025_adap_reverse_2310427_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaaattaaagcgcaagattgttggtttttgcgtgatggtgaccgggcagcctaaaggctAtccttaaccagggagctgat
>ECK120010249_adhEp1_reverse_1298413_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttgttatctagttgtgcaaaacatgctaatgtagccaccaaatcatactacaatttattaActgttagctataatggcgaa
>ECK120010740_adhEp2_reverse_1298309_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgcaaaaatttgatttggatcacgtaatcagtacccagaagtgagtaatcttgcttacGccacctggaagtgacgcatt
>ECK120026309_adrAp_forward_403687_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacgaaaatggctcacccgaaatatcatacttctgcctttagctccgtctctataatttgGgaaaattgtttctgaatgtt
>ECK120010200_aldBp_reverse_3756535_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctgtcgtaaagctgttaccgactggcgaagatttcgccagtcacgtctacccttgttatAcctcacaccgcaaggagacg
>ECK120010107_alkAp_reverse_2147559_[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
tcgcgacaaccggaatatgaaagcaaagcgcagcgtctgaataacgtttatgctgaaagcGgatgaataaggagatgcgat
>ECK120015417_ansPp1_reverse_1526011_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaataatggtgataactatcatcgccaggatgaataaacattgttcatggcaacttatatGactttttcattaaagcaatc
>ECK125138137_appYp2_forward_583656_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacatcatcctgattatgattgtgtatttaattggttgttatttgactactatcaacttGttttaattttatgataggtg
>ECK125138135_araFp2_reverse_1986148_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgctttgttttccgattaatttaacgaatgtcattcgtttttgccctacacaaaacgaCactaaagctggagagaacca
>ECK120034543_artPp1_reverse_903815_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcccccgttattttgtgctatgtttattgaataatgcgctttgcttttaacttttaaaGcagaaatattgcataattat
>ECK120034544_artPp2_reverse_903836_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacatttatgctcgccgaccaccgcccccgttattttgtgctatgtttattgaataatgcGctttgcttttaacttttaaa
>ECK120009899_asrp_forward_1671327_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gttacacgctgaaaccaaccactcacggaagtctgccattcccagggatatagttatttcAacggccccgcagtggggtta
>ECK120009853_astCp3_reverse_1832039_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
tccgccgtttatgcacttttatcactggctggcacgaaccctgcaatctacatttacagcGcaaacattacttattattaa
>ECK120010717_blcp_reverse_4377745_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcgggtccgaattttcggaccttttctccgcttttccttgctgtcatctacacttagaAaaaaaccagtaaggaaacat
>ECK120010471_bolAp1_forward_454434_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
aacctaaatatttgttgttaagctgcaatggaaacggtaaaagcggctagtatttaaaggGatggatgacatctcagcgtt
>ECK125203432_bsmAp_reverse_4416869_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
atgacatgaagaaatccttagcacaagtttctgctggcggtattagttcataatgttgagAtgtgggttacgctttcgtca
>ECK125135062_cbpAp2_reverse_1063828_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
tttcaataacatattctgtgttggcatatgaaattttgaggattaccctacacttataggAgttaccttacaggggttcct
>ECK120010732_cfap1_forward_1741201_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacttaggctgctaacaaaattttgttgtatgattgaaattagcggcctatactaatttcGagttgttaaagctacgataa
>ECK120010733_cfap2_forward_1741379_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agactcgcggttttttctgcgagatttctcacaaagcccaaaaagcgtctacgctgttttAaggttctgatcaccgaccag
>ECK120015953_cpxRp_reverse_4105686_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggggtgtaaaacaacgtaaagtcatggattagcgacgtctgatgacgtaatttctgcctCggaggtatttaaacaatgaa
>ECK120033636_crlp1_forward_257810_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gatcgaaaaacgcttgtgttaaaaatttgctaaattttgccaatttggtaaaacagttgcAtcacaacaggagatagcaat
>ECK120010359_crrpI_forward_2535610_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggcaaatggactggcatgtgtggtgagcttgctggcgatgaacgtgctacacttctgttGctggggatgggtctggacga
>ECK120010479_csgBp_forward_1103859_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
aagaaaaatacaacgcgcgggtgagttattaaaaatatttccgcagacatactttccatcGtaacgcagcgttaacaaaat
>ECK120010480_csgDp1_reverse_1103344_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agttacatttagttacatgtttaacacttgatttaagatttgtaatggctagattgaaatCagatgtaatccattagtttt
>ECK120009988_csiDp_forward_2788927_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataagaaaacaatatgtcgcttttgtgcgcatttttcagaaatgtagatatttttagattAtggctacgaaatgagcatcg
>ECK120034290_csrAp3_reverse_2819273_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aacgctatcgacaacgataaagtcaggttgaagttgtgtatatcggctaaacttaggtttAacagaatgtaatgccatgac
>ECK125137689_dacBp5_forward_3328857_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgggaccagaagcaaaaaaataccgacccgggtacaagtcccaggtcagctacaattcacAttttgatagtcattttaccc
>ECK125140838_ddpXp2_reverse_1563201_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tacgattccgggagattccttccttaacttcccctcttgcaccaaaactgcactacgctgCacaaatgttgatcaaaagtt
>ECK125140839_ddpXp3_reverse_1563249_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggttttcatttaacgtgacactgtcacttaaatactgtgatttcagctacgattccgggAgattccttccttaacttccc
>ECK120015497_dhaKp_reverse_1250944_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagtttcaatatggaacattcattaaagcatatgtttcactatgaaacataatttgggcTaattttcttttcccttgcct
>ECK120015496_dhaRp_forward_1251003_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagcccaaattatgtttcatagtgaaacatatgctttaatgaatgttccatattgaaactTttacgtgtattaatacttaa
>ECK120034309_dkgAp_forward_3156571_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccgctaagctttttacgcctcaaactttcgttttcgggcatttcgtccagacttaagttCacaacacctcaccggagcct
>ECK125095206_dkgBp_forward_229098_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttttttcgtctgtatatctattattgccagaatcgcaaaaatcctctgcattttacgctCtttttcctcaacagtctgaa
>ECK120010409_dnaNp1_reverse_3882733_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgacattcgtttgccgggcgaagtggcgttctttatcgccaagcgtctacgatctaacGtacgtgagctggaaggggcg
>ECK120010408_dnaNp2_reverse_3882590_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaggcgctgcgcgacttgctggcattgcaggaaaaactggtcaccatcgacaatattcaGaagacggtggcggagtacta
>ECK125137174_dsrBp5_reverse_2024843_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatcagcactcgcgcgcgcctggcgctgccagaaaaacgaaattgttctacactggcacAaagccacaggaggaaaacga
>ECK120034936_ecnBp_forward_4376509_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttctcttccgaaaaatcatcagattcccatcatttttggcgatgttgtctattattaattTgctataggcaaacataaata
>ECK120015388_evgAp1_forward_2483641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tccctgattttattgttgacatttcatttatgccgactatttatatggtatacttgtcgaAttatcttaaaggaagctcag
>ECK120010152_fadLp_forward_2461205_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgaaaaaagatagaaacatacttgcaacattccagctggtccgacctatactctcgccActggtctgatttctaagatg
>ECK120017001_fbaBp_reverse_2178667_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcgctaacattttttctgatgaatcgagccaacagaaaacgctgaaaaaacatccaaaagAtggaaaaactcgcccgtaac
>ECK125095207_ftsBp_reverse_2872901_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gattatgttctgcacgccctgggtatacgtaacaatggacaaatgtggtacatttgcccgCgttgtcgcggtatccccaac
>ECK120010260_ftsQp1_forward_102867_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tactcggtgaagaaattttaccgtcaatacgtattcaaccgtccggaaccttctatgattAtgaggcgaagtatctctctg
>ECK120010550_ftsQp2_forward_102742_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagtgtgggaatgtcaaaagtagtagcagaaaatgctctacaagatgcattaagattggcAtttcagcacgatgaagaagt
>ECK120010172_fumCp_reverse_1686709_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagatacaactcacacaatgcacccgctgtgtgaaataaacagagccgcccttcggggcgGtttttttacatggcacgaaa
>ECK120010047_gabDp2_forward_2790912_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagattttgggctcgtcggggattcgccgggtgctgcaaaaccatctacgctcaggactgGgcgagatgaaaaactcgctg
>ECK120010708_gadAp_reverse_3667607_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttaaattaagcctgtaatgccttgcttccattgcggataaatcctacttttttattgCcttcaaataaatttaaggag
>ECK120010707_gadBp_reverse_1572072_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttaaacacgagtcctttgcacttgcttactttatcgataaatcctacttttttaatgCgatccaatcattttaaggag
>ECK120010087_gadEp_forward_3658345_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atattgaacaacgattcggacaaggatgtaaataatgaaaaggatgacatattcgaaacgAtaacggctaaggagcaagtt
>ECK120010049_gadEp1_forward_3658242_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttaggatcaatatatggagtgcgtgatggataaatctgaagtattgattagtgttaatagAcgtattagttcacgaagggt
>ECK120009924_gadXp_reverse_3665839_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaaatttatttatcaatcaatttgacttaagagggcggcgtgctacattaataaacagTaatatgtttatgtaatatta
>ECK120010089_gadYp_forward_3664864_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atagcttatgtttataaaaaaatggctgatcttatttccagtaaaagttatatttaacttActgagagcacaaagtttccc
>ECK120010566_glgCp3_reverse_3569571_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttggtggagaatcgctggtgggaagaaggcgacggcaatgtccgttggctaaatcgataTgctcaacctttaagcacgga
>ECK120010511_glgSp1_reverse_3192012_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcactaaaaagtgtgatcggggacaatatatttacgcacgttatgtttaaaggcactacActgattggggaatactgaaa
>ECK125137975_glpXp2_reverse_4115606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgcgggggcaaccccgcacacatcaataatccctcccttcccctgtgctacacttcgcGccattccttactgcttagag
>ECK125137850_glySp4_reverse_3724495_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaacctgctggatgcgcgtaaagccatctccgtcaccgagcgtcagcgctacattctgcGcattcgcaccctgaccaaag
>ECK120009989_gmrp_reverse_1346843_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttaactgactttcgtttgaaaactggcgtttttccaaaactggattacaaataaataTataaaaaaaacaatgcgttt
>ECK125138138_gpmMp2_forward_3785187_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacgaaaaaaaagcgtaaatctggcatcggcttgccgcgagcggtcgtatattttgatctTcagaggctattttatcgatt
>ECK120030783_hchAp2_forward_2035630_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tccacagcactaaatctctccccgccaccccgtacctctgataatggtctaaaatcattgAagccacttgcgacgacgttg
>ECK120010767_hdeAp_reverse_3656791_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctgattttgatattttccatcaacatgacatatacagaaaaccaggttataacctcagtGtcgaaattgattcgtgacgg
>ECK125134717_hdfRp_reverse_3948021_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence]_Weak
cacgctcctaattctttgaccgagctagttatggcgcggagtattagttacgcttgacagAgtgtaaaacaaaacatttaa
>ECK120010362_hmpAp_forward_2685797_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
tttctgaaaaacaccaaagaaccatttacattgcagggctattttttataagatgcatttGagatacatcaattaagatgc
>ECK125095185_hofMp_reverse_3522928_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttaatgtcgccacatccggcagttgtggctcgatgtagcggtataggccataaatcgagcCtgctcccagcagaatgcaac
>ECK125136381_hrpBp2_forward_162075_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttgcggttcagacatgtgaggcactcggttatgaattaccgcgatgctacaatgtggcGcgaagaatgttaaccctctg
>ECK120010232_ihfAp4_reverse_1795721_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatattttatccgaatgtaagaaagttggcgtaaatcaggtagttggcgtaaacttatttGacgtgtaccgcggtaagggt
>ECK120010233_ihfBp_forward_963749_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttattccgaagtttgttgagtttacttgacagattgcaggtttcgtcctgtaatcaagcActaagggcggctacggccgc
>ECK125138133_insC-5p_forward_3186040_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttcgcccggccacatcattaacggattaatgataagtggatcagatgtataaaaaattaAaattaaccacaataagcgaa
>ECK125138134_insN-1p_forward_270226_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgctaagagcttcattcatgaatccttttcactagggatgaagtggtttactgaatttGgccacctgaacagaggtgat
>ECK120022001_iraDp2_forward_4556856_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gacttttttcctgaaaagtcagtagatattcataggcaagtaaggttttatactttgctgAcaggattcaggcctgtctca
>ECK120010333_katEp_forward_1813814_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
aacaccgtttccagaatagtctccgaagcgggatctggctggtggtctatagttagagagTtttttgaccaaaacagcggc
>ECK125137462_kbpp4_reverse_2796814_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaaacctgtgctcatccccgcggcgttaacgcgccgcgttcctctgctacactttctgAgtgtttccgttaacgaatga
>ECK125137140_lpxMp4_reverse_1940228_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagtcagtaccggctttttttatttggtgcggggcaagttgcgccgctacactatcaccAgattgatttttgccttatcc
>ECK120015409_lsrAp_forward_1601460_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atatgtgcaatgtccacctaaggttatgaacaaattaaaagcagaaatacatttgttcaaAactcacctgcaaaactgaac
>ECK125134701_luxSp1_reverse_2815065_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcttcgataatcccgatctgactttctctgcccgtatcttaaggtctatgattgatactGgtattggcggaacaggcaaa
>ECK120015494_mdtAp_forward_2153979_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccagacagtgtttcataattcctccatttttctcccttattggctggctacactagtatcAttccgcgaaacgtttcagga
>ECK125141559_mnmGp_reverse_3925674_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atacccaggatcccaggtctttctcaagccgacaaagttgagtagaatccacggcccgggCttcaatccattttcataccg
>ECK120009848_mplp1_forward_4455728_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctcaatgttgcgctcaggtgaatcgcgccagcaaattacggattatcctgaaatgcgtttCtcacttgcccgacatatgcg
>ECK120015420_msyBp_reverse_1114213_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgaactgatttttcgcctttcatacttgcaaaagcggagaatcagctatccttttcccTgaaacctcatcaactcaaag
>ECK120010761_mutSp_forward_2857019_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accagcatcaagaactcgccgttcgcttcttcccctgaaatgattaactccggtatcatgTgcgccttatgtgattacaac
>ECK120009940_narUp2_reverse_1544163_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tctggctacttaatccccattctgcccccgcggttacgctttcttatctattctttcaatCagcacttcacccaattcatc
>ECK120009983_nhaAp2_forward_17317_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacttttcctaattaatccctcaggaatcctcaccttaagctatgattatctaggcttagGgtcactcgtgagcgcttaca
>ECK120011008_ompFp_reverse_987092_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttatctttgtagcactttcacggtagcgaaacgttagtttgaatggaaagatgcctgcAgacacataaagacaccaaac
>ECK120010475_osmBp1_reverse_1343476_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctggttgataattaagactatttacctgttattaacactctcaagatataaaattattatCagcgatataacaggaagtca
>ECK120010489_osmCp2_forward_1556606_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attcggaatatcctgcttatcctcgtgctgtttctcacgtagtctataatttcctttttaAgcccacaggagagcaacaat
>ECK120010077_osmFp_reverse_2219523_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attctgcaactgaatccttccgctcaagctaaccccgccattatcaactatgcttttctcTtaattcgctgaaaacaacag
>ECK120010478_otsAp_reverse_1981651_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcatggcgactggcgggtgtgccggatgtctggagctggcttgaaatgataaccaccgCattacaacaaaaaagagaaa
>ECK120010477_otsBp_reverse_1982465_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcccaccatagccaaccgccataacggttggctgttcttcgttgcaaatggcgaccccCgtcacactgtctatacttac
>ECK120015396_otsBp2_reverse_1982442_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
taacggttggctgttcttcgttgcaaatggcgacccccgtcacactgtctatacttacatGtctgtaaagcgcgttctgcg
>ECK120011009_oxyRp_forward_4158457_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgagcaattatcagtcagaatgcttgatagggataatcgttcattgctattctacctatcGccatgaactatcgtggcgat
>ECK125137791_panZp7_forward_3597958_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctgccaaaagaaataaaaaagagaaagcctccgattaaattatttcgctacactggttccActtttgtgatttacacgggt
>ECK120009956_patAp_forward_3219458_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gtgtttatcccgattttcgcgatcgcagccggagtggcgcaatccctgcaatacttaaatCggtatcatgtgatacgcgag
>ECK125122034_pcnBp4_reverse_159391_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagtgccagattacattcatctgccgctggcgcttaatccacaaggcgctaaactttccaAgcagaatcatgcgcctgcgt
>ECK120010332_pfkBp1_forward_1806351_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctccaataaatcatattgttaatttcttcactttccgctgattcggtgccagactgaaatCagcctataggaggaaatgat
>ECK120015423_pfkBp2_forward_1806323_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatttatctgcaaaattttaaataaagctccaataaatcatattgttaatttcttcactTtccgctgattcggtgccaga
>ECK120010737_poxBp_reverse_911076_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttagtgcctcctttctctcccatcccttccccctccgtcagatgaactaaacttgttaccGttatcacattcaggagatgg
>ECK125138136_ppkp_forward_2622977_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attcacctgtaaatcgcaagctccagcagtttttttcccccttttctggcatagttggacAtctgccaatattgctcgcca
>ECK120010554_proPp2_forward_4330407_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actggtttgattgtacattccttaaccggagggtgtaagcaaacccgctacgcttgttacAgagattgcatcctgcaattc
>ECK120049204_puuAp_reverse_1360968_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcatttttgcaaactcaatttaacatttgacaaacatttagtttgcatacagattcgaatGgtggtcattatattttacgc
>ECK125138129_puuCp_forward_1362728_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catacggcccggggatctctgcgccctgacgttcacaaactgcatatatctgatagacgtGaaacaggagtcataatgaat
>ECK120034217_puuDp_forward_1361052_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtttgtcaaatgttaaattgagtttgcaaaaatgaaaacccactgctagattgaaaaaAtattgaacataaaggtcatt
>ECK120034239_pykFp2_forward_1755600_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggctgagacacaagcacacattcctctgcacgctttttcgatgtcacctatccttagagcGaggcaccaccactttcgtaa
>ECK125136636_rhlEp5_forward_830783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaacgccagtcacagggataatttatgcgctgcgtcacaaaaactgctacactccgctCcctcatgacattgtggtttt
>ECK120029519_rraAp_reverse_4119358_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caaatatcaattaacaattgatgattttgccaacagcccacatagcgcgatatactgaaaAttctcgcagcaactgaatgt
>ECK120010768_rsdp1_reverse_4196954_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatcgaaatttgccgcttcgccatatggcaattctcccttcggcaaccataatttttgttCatggctgacgacccaccagc
>ECK120016351_rssAp_forward_1289106_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcaggtgcaaccttttcaccagacacataagggtggcaacataggctatactcgacagcActaccacagggacaaagctg
>ECK120016350_rssBp_forward_1290220_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttatctacacttaagttaattctgacaggcgcaggtggcaatagcatgccactattgagtAaagccagtcaggggagagaa
>ECK120030811_ryjAp_reverse_4278066_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcggttaaaaagtatacttttacactggcgaagaaacgtcggtgacatacaattaaagcAtcaacaccaaccggaacctc
>ECK125230253_sdsNp2_forward_1996880_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttatcctgcatagtaaaccgcaacgcccctgagagtgagtatcatttataatgataatTcaaactatcacataaataag
>ECK120032979_sdsRp_reverse_1923207_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttattgaccattttgcacgcaaactggaaaacctggcgtcgtcatctattcttaaagGgcaaggcaactaagcctgca
>ECK125137747_slyDp7_reverse_3478528_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatgcgccgagtttttttaagctagtgagtacacggctgcagaattccgctacaatctgcGccactattcttcccatgctc
>ECK120034237_sodCp_reverse_1724679_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtaagcacttttaggaatagccgccgttcaaaaatgtgtcactggtttacacttattcagGaatgcacaatgaacggaggt
>ECK120010376_speBp_reverse_3083946_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaactgcaacaacagttccttgaagagttcgaggcaggtttgtacggttatacttatcttGaagatgagtaagtcctgtgt
>ECK120010188_speCp_reverse_3109175_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
accagtttgacccatatctcatggggcagggttttccaccttgtccggtattcttacttcCccgaaacgggtttgcgctta
>ECK120009984_srap_reverse_1556046_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgatcaattatgtggtcagtggccagcaccctacgctttaaggtgctatgcttgatcggCaacctaatttaggggtttag
>ECK120034945_ssrSp2_forward_3055759_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcagcggacgatctgaaccaacggttgcaagatctgaaagaacgcactagagtcacaaatActgaacagttggtcttcatt
>ECK120010171_sucAp_forward_758586_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtaacaaagaaatgcaggaaatctttaaaaactgcccctgacactaagacagtttttaaAggttccttcgcgagccacta
>ECK120010102_talAp1_forward_2578588_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctataacactgatgttacctgcttaatccagcaataccatgcctgtctgctatgctttttTgatgcgtttagcgaaatttc
>ECK120015414_talAp2_forward_2578570_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgttttggtaataatcctataacactgatgttacctgcttaatccagcaataccatgcCtgtctgctatgcttttttga
>ECK120033646_tamp_forward_1607221_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gcctataaagatgaagacgcagtggcgttccataaaaccacgccccactacaaaacctgtGtcgcgaaactggaatcttta
>ECK120015379_tktBp_forward_2579308_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtggtggaagaagatccgggcgttaaatcggtgcgcaatatctacgactactataagcaaCaccactatgaaaccattgtg
>ECK120034938_tolCp4_forward_3178074_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggcacgtaacgccaaccttttgcggtagcggcttctgctagaatccgcaataattttacaGtttgatcgcgctaaatactg
>ECK120010320_treAp_reverse_1247425_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tgacagttcgcagaatgagatttcgatcatgcagctagtgcgatcctgaactaaggttttCtgatacttgaataccgtttt
>ECK125138130_treFp_forward_3669551_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgtgatccaccgcacgctttgtcgcccaccaggcggagcgaatgactacccttaaagaAaagccgataattagcgacga
>ECK120009874_uspBp_reverse_3639848_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaatatattgatagtggttaaccttctggaaaaaaaacaacctgatctcctacactatctAtagagccgctcgtatgttgg
>ECK120034197_wrbAp_reverse_1067758_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataaatcaaataagtggttgtgaaatttgcactctgaaaaggacgtcttatctttaaataAgtggtagcgaatcgctacgg
>ECK120010738_xthAp_forward_1832399_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcgatcaaatcacttaacaacaggcggtaagcaacgcgaaattctgctaccatccacgcActctttatctgaataaatgg
>ECK120034391_yabIp_forward_71271_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtttcgtgccggttgtgaagaaaaagtgaatgatgtagccgtcaagttgtcataattggtAacgaatcagacaattgacgg
>ECK125136369_yadEp4_forward_145053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaacataatttgtatgagtattaacccgcgattctgatggcgcttttgctacaataaaaGcgttgtttcaccctcggtta
>ECK120010498_yadVp2_reverse_156224_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattgattgaatgaatatacagggaataataatttctattttatattattccctgttttaAttaactctatcagggatggt
>ECK120010703_ybgAp1_forward_738980_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtcctgctacaacaggattaacttcacaaatatcatttctcaacgtctacacttactcctGtaaaccgctcaggagcagta
>ECK120034546_ybgAp2_forward_738920_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagctatggttagaaactacctgacgtcagtccttgcggggagcaggctttcgtaaatttGtcctgctacaacaggattaa
>ECK125136633_ybhBp4_reverse_807930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaaacatttttttgccaataacgagaagtccgcgtgagggtttctggctacactttctGcaaacaagaaaggagggttc
>ECK125136638_ybiIp6_reverse_838484_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtcggagatctgatgcttgaactgcccgagttcgtccctggattagctacacttaactGtacaagtattgatatgggga
>ECK120015425_ybjPp_reverse_904523_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttgtttgctaagccttcgatctcaaaagcattatcagactgatacgctattattgaaaGgatatcattattatcgtaga
>ECK125109145_ycgZp_forward_1215752_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaaaaaattaatttatcattctgtacacatatttcgtacaagtttgctattgttacttcActtaacattgattaacattt
>ECK120027918_yciGp_reverse_1316092_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccctctatcttctcgttgcgcttaatttgactaattctcattagcgactaattttaatgaGtgtcgacacacaacactcat
>ECK125138131_yciTp_reverse_1344510_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatattgtgttagatatccttgtggcaggcgattaccactctgcgatccataatctcgagAtacttaaagcagaactcttg
>ECK120020515_yciZp_reverse_1344638_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gataattagccgttgctgttaaacacttctcttttagcggcaatttttgcattattcattTtcccccttttgctataagga
>ECK120033654_ydbDp_forward_1475066_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ggagaatatggctgctgaaaaattgcatctttctgaggaagtgttgtctacgttggatggTatttcgcgagaataacgaat
>ECK125136909_ydbKp4_reverse_1440846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgatgtgggggacacaaaagcgaaaatgcagaagaaagccatttgctaaaattgaaaGattactactgggcgcgcagc
>ECK125160783_ydcSp1_forward_1511599_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaataaattttctcaggggcgaaggtgtgcctgcaagccgccgtctatggttaaacaaggAgatatttttacggcacggcg
>ECK125095197_yddGp_reverse_1547205_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcggtagaaaaacgcaccactgcctgacaggccagttaaaaaaatgctataaaattcagcTtaatttttaacggcaagaga
>ECK120034542_ydhYp_reverse_1754642_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtaattttaattgataacgatcaatgttaagggctcagaataatcacattattttttctCctaaccataaaggattagtt
>ECK125137235_yegSp8_forward_2168683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatcctccgactttcatcctgttctgactccaccttttgttttctgctctacactatctAcagaccaatcataaaggcac
>ECK120010621_yeiLp_forward_2255290_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaagaaaattcgaccgggccgatgattgaatcttaacaacagcgtacgtatgctaaatatGagaaatctcatagcggataa
>ECK125138132_yffOp_forward_2562053_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgccaaaattagcgctgaattaatgggtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctCaattcttgcgaaaaatggca
>ECK120015426_yggEp1_reverse_3068126_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccttgttcagttaggcgctatctgatggaaaaataaaacagaggcgctaagcttgcctccAgaggtcctgaattttgggca
>ECK120015427_yggEp2_reverse_3068185_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtgttatgtggtttattgccttgcagctggcgagagacggtattgctcatgcacaagcCttgttcagttaggcgctatc
>ECK125137654_yhaJp7_reverse_3254261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataattcttgacctctctttacttccttttatggtaaggggctggacgctacattgttaGccagatattctgcccggtat
>ECK120010394_yhfGp_reverse_3491648_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Confirmed
caatcttgcccgcgcttctgctctcccggcgtaacccggatttgccgcttatacttgtggCaaatggacacgttcagggag
>ECK125137807_yhhTp4_forward_3611841_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgtgaaaatcagcagtaagaatcagaatattgctggcgtgactcccgctacacttaatAcaaaaagtcacaaggaagcc
>ECK125134716_yhiMp_forward_3634743_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tggccttttgaacgctgaaaagtagcgctctgcaaagtaaaccccgctatagttatgctaTgcatttgtctttaatgatat
>ECK120033652_yhjGp_reverse_3678412_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tttcacgcccggcaccgatagaaacgctgaatacggcggttctggcgctataagctgcctCattttccgcctggctggact
>ECK120015415_yiaGp_forward_3719431_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agccagagcatgccctgacttcaccccgctgtgtctgcttttcccgactattcttaatgaGcttcgatgcaattcacgatc
>ECK125137934_yigMp3_forward_4011050_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttatcgtaatcgttctttatttggtcagttgtcaacctgatacttcgctacaatggatAcccgttaatcaaagagtttt
>ECK120009882_yihGp_reverse_4046652_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attttttctaatgtggatagatatgaattatttttctccttaaggatcatccgttatttgGgtcgttttctgctaaaatct
>ECK125095219_yjcCp_forward_4275418_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atttcaaatcaggcaaaagtgctatttataccgtaagatttatctaaagacgtcggtaccCagggttttcaccttgcaatg
>ECK125138072_yjgBp10_reverse_4496234_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgatgtgtaacctttgtcacactccaggcaccccgccctgccatgctctacacttcccaAacaacaccagagaaggacca
>ECK125145770_yjiYp_reverse_4591367_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaataaccactcagttatttaccttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacAggatagcggtcaatttacct
>ECK125138122_yjjKp11_reverse_4630566_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttactgcgagggtgatcgaccggctgggattaggcggggaaaaaggctacacttcgccTttgaaaactcattatcacga
>ECK125137136_yobBp8_forward_1925209_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagtgaatgtcgatttggcggcggccggggtggcatttaaagaacgctacaatatgccGgtgatcgctgaagcggttga
>ECK120015416_ytfKp_forward_4439511_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttaggtaaaaaaagttatacgcggtggaaacattgcccggatagtctatagtcactaaGcattaaaatttgcgcctcat
>ECK120010964_znuAp_reverse_1942661_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaggacgcggcgttggccaaaagaaaccgagacattttccagggaaaccagacttgtcatGttaattttagtcttgcagta
>ECK125095451_acrDp2_forward_2587550_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
atttacattaactcctttttttctccacgattggctcgtaccttgccgctacagtgaagcAagtcaagcctacaacgatac
>ECK125095447_actPp_reverse_4284935_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gatctcctttgttctcaccggtatctacatctggcgggcgaacggcgaattcgaccgtctTaataatgaagtcctgcatga
>ECK120009973_argTp_reverse_2427849_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatttaacgttgaatgttactgttgtcgtcaagatggcataagacctgcatgaaagagccTgcaaacacacaacacaatac
>ECK120026316_aslBp_forward_3982781_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aaaaagcagtatttcggcgagtagcgcagcttggtagcgcaactggtttgggaccagtggGtcggaggttcgaatcctctc
>ECK120009852_astCp2_reverse_1832044_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
tagcctccgccgtttatgcacttttatcactggctggcacgaaccctgcaatctacatttAcagcgcaaacattacttatt
>ECK120010180_atoDp_forward_2323412_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
attagttaaataactaaatccaataatctcattctggcactccccttgctattgcctgacTgtacccacaacggtgtatgc
>ECK120033259_chaCp_forward_1272422_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
agttaaagctattcgtgcggtgttgccttgcaagtggtccgtggattgcatattgtcccgTtagtggtttcaaaatgagca
>ECK125095439_crlp2_forward_257824_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
tgtgttaaaaatttgctaaattttgccaatttggtaaaacagttgcatcacaacaggagaTagcaatgacgttaccgagtg
>ECK120021266_dcuDp2_forward_3374583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acatcctatcacaggattgaaagtaggggaaaatggcagggttttctctttgtgcctcatCattaccataattaacggaat
>ECK120009977_ddpXp_reverse_1563107_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ttaagccagcattctggcgcttatcccggcatggcatgagatctgcataagcggaaagcgCagcaatttttgtcttataca
>ECK125136726_efeOp2_forward_1082154_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtcgccgtctggtttatttatctcatcccggcgctggtggcatttgctctgccaccacGcgcaggggcgacagcgtctc
>ECK125095441_emrDp_forward_3853845_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
catattctgccgctaaacaattccccattcctggcgtatatctggctaacattcatcaatGtgatagattcctctcccgca
>ECK120011038_fdhFp_reverse_4299407_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccgtaatatcagggaatgaccccacataaaatgtggcataaaagatgcatactgtagtcGagagcgcgtatgcgtgattt
>ECK125136496_ffsp5_forward_476399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgagtgaagtcgcattgcgcaagaaaccagcatctggcacgcgatgggttgcaattagccGgggcagcagtgataatgcgc
>ECK125095446_flhDp2_reverse_1978577_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aacctgaatctgaggcagcacctggcacggctgggacggaagtcgctgtcgttctcaaaaTcggtggagctgcatgacaaa
>ECK120032981_glmYp1_reverse_2691340_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataatcagtacgttaccaaactattttctttattggcacagttactgcataatagtaaccAgtggctcattcaccgactta
>ECK120010268_glnAp2_reverse_4058107_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcatgataacgccttttaggggcaatttaaaagttggcacagatttcgctttatctttttTacggcgacacggccaaaata
>ECK120010230_glnHp2_reverse_848047_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gccgcatctcgaaaaatcaaggagttgcaaaactggcacgattttttcatatatgtgaatGtcacgcaggggatcgtcccg
>ECK120010750_glnKp_forward_472556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttaacttcctgctctctttctcgtttttcatttctggcacaccgcttgcaataccttcttCgtgtagcagaaccattaccg
>ECK125137767_hslOp4_forward_3529672_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggaaagtgtagagaaacgcgaaaaaatggcgctggcacgtaaacttaatgccttaaccAtgccgcacccggaccgacgc
>ECK125095445_htpGp3_forward_494817_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
tcggtccggatgatatcgggcttgatcgtctggaacagcgtctggcagaggaaaaaatcaCtgaagtgatcctcgccacca
>ECK125136375_htrEp1_reverse_155518_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttagtgatgaggtcatgaaagtcaatggccttaatggcaaagcgaattctgcaaaagtGcatttttacgccattaatga
>ECK120010211_hycAp_reverse_2850461_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttaaaaatctctttaataacaataaattaaaagttggcacaaaaaatgcttaaagctggcAtctctgttaaacgggtaacc
>ECK120010719_hydNp_reverse_2838132_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattaatttccttaaataacagtaaattaaaaactggcatgatttgtgaatgtatcggcgCattaactgtcattgctggag
>ECK120010759_hyfAp_forward_2601171_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cataacttattgaatatattgagttaatcagaatggcatcctttatgcaatatgaaatgcAatgtttcatatcattttcaa
>ECK120010212_hypAp_forward_2850627_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcgacattattcaccgcagggataatcaacactggcacaattattgcttgtagctggcAatagttaatgggaggcgata
>ECK120010057_ibpBp_reverse_3866981_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgaaaaaaccgcgccgtatcgaaatcaactaattccctaaggccgcctggcgcggcctgAcatctccatgctcgccgtca
>ECK125136597_insHp6_reverse_689222_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtgcattatccggataacaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttAtacaaggcaaaccctgaaac
>ECK125137409_iscXp3_reverse_2656917_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgagattgaacacgcctgtgaaaaatcctgtgcttgcaccacctgccactgcatcgttcGtgaaggttttgactcactgc
>ECK125137474_ispFp3_reverse_2871984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccattgctcataccgttgatcgcaacggcttatggcacgcgctgacgccgcaatttttCcctcgtgagctgttacatga
>ECK120010018_kchp_reverse_1310523_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aagaaagtgttctgaatagagattcaatatttaagggcacggtttttgcaaccgtgttctTgtttggcctttccttatagc
>ECK125138101_mcrCp5_reverse_4578062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcatagttacttctgctgtgggttggaagatggcacctctccggatacgcaatggcttAatgaaattgtgatgacggat
>ECK120010741_nacp_reverse_2061978_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttggttagcttgtacatcaacaccaaaataaaactggcaagcatcttgcaatctggttgtAagtaatggcggcacttgggc
>ECK125095440_nikAp2_forward_3613439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
agccatcgttaaacagcgtggcggcagcgcctggcaaatcgtcagcgtagacagcacctaTcactcctcgctgtcagtcag
>ECK120010021_norVp_forward_2832439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttatttatagagtaaaaacaatcagataaaaaactggcacgcaatctgcaattagcaagaCatctttttagaacacgctga
>ECK125137953_ompLp1_reverse_4064479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtttgcgtcagctcatttttatctggccttgtgcactggcaattattgctgcattgacgAtgggattcttttacacactc
>ECK125137113_pabBp6_forward_1894779_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgcaaacattgttaactcctgctaaattgttggcgctaattatttcatgctacccgGcacatagccagtagagtcag
>ECK125137114_pabBp7_forward_1894628_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaaacgcgccacgattcgctcgccggagtggttggcacgcagctcttctgccaccagcGcgattgcctggccgctgctc
>ECK125136864_pgpBp9_forward_1339165_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggaaatcgccccatggggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaaTtctccagataatgctggttc
>ECK125136797_pinEp3_forward_1209672_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaccaacgtttatgaaaatgaagaaataacaagcaaatggcatcattcctgcttttaccAgggggatttaacatgcttat
>ECK120009957_potFp1_forward_893736_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gttctcttttcttacaccgcgccgataaaaaatatgcacgtttattgcatatctttcagtGtgacaacttttgttcgtttg
>ECK125137395_ppkp6_forward_2622990_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcaagctccagcagtttttttcccccttttctggcatagttggacatctgccaatattGctcgccataatatccaggca
>ECK120009974_prpBp_forward_348646_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgaaattaaacatttaattttattaaggcaattgtggcacaccccttgctttgtctttatCaacgcaaataacaagttgat
>ECK120009904_pspAp_forward_1368038_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatcagatctttataaatcaaaaagataaaaaattggcacgcaaattgtattaacagttcAgcaggacaatcctgaacgca
>ECK120010088_pspGp_forward_4262816_[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
gggcgttttgctgttaaatcaatagattatttttggcatgattcttgtaatgccagcaagAgatttcatatttgggagagc
>ECK120010019_puuPp_reverse_1359373_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gtaatccagacatttcccggatgtcgcgttatggagcgcgggcggcaacgggcttccgttAacgattaagactgtgacgag
>ECK125136411_rayTp1_forward_247544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catccggcagttgtacgcaggtgcctgatgcgacgctggcgcgtcttatcatgcctacgaGcccgcgaatatttgcgagcc
>ECK125199576_relAp3_reverse_2913700_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggatatgttcccacacacgggacatctggaatcgatggtacttttctcgcgcgttaaatAgttgcgatttgccgatttcg
>ECK125199577_relAp4_reverse_2914318_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcaccgctaagttcggcagatcgcgaaaaactggaacgcttttcgcattctgaaggccTggatctgtatctcgcccccg
>ECK125137617_rfaEp1_reverse_3196926_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcgcaaaacgacattatggaagagcaggaagcgatggcgctgacccgtgcttacactAcgcttcgcgatgaacttcat
>ECK125095448_rhaDp_reverse_4094385_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gattgccggatgcggcacaagtgccttatcaggcctacaggtcggcaatagttgtaggccTgataagacgcgacagcgtcg
>ECK120010697_rpoHp6_reverse_3600813_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
aacagtgaatgataacctcgttgctcttaagctctggcacagttgttgctaccactgaagCgccagaagatatcgattgag
>ECK125138115_rsmCp1_reverse_4607868_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccatcaccagacggacgtgtgccgggatcgcaatggcaatctccccctgcaacgcgccAgggcgacgcagcgaccactg
>ECK125137795_rsmDp2_forward_3604297_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgccatttgcgactacactcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacAtagcagctaaaaaaatgatg
>ECK120010682_rtcBp_reverse_3558107_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaattaaaaaattaagctgcttatttaattttctggcacgacggttgcaattatcaggaCagcaaacaacgaaaagagaa
>ECK120009979_rutAp_reverse_1074026_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aacagattaataacattaactttttaaaaactggcatccgctttgcaaacaagccaatacGcggctgaaaaggatatgcag
>ECK125137050_rydBp1_reverse_1764930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttctgctgaattaaaagaagaaatctactttgcctggcgtctgggcgtgcattgatccTgacttaatgccgcaagttcg
>ECK125137393_tmcAp5_reverse_2595938_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaggggcgagtagtaccagacagtttcactcatggcacttctcagcaacgctacagctGgtttaaacgtggtttcgaca
>ECK125137018_tusp2_forward_1684173_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactgggtggtgcccgcttctcgtttagctggccgttatggcataacatcccgcaatttaCctctgcctgacactacgcgc
>ECK125137946_typAp1_forward_4058230_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accatcgtgcaaaagggctgcaccacgatgtgaatgttgcaccaatatagtgcttcaatgGaaacattaagcaccatgttg
>ECK125095450_xdhAp2_forward_3000265_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
cctacctcccctaacgcttatcgtcgtttctggcgtaaatcttgcctgcttagactaaatCtttgccataagaaccaaatg
>ECK125095438_yaaUp_forward_45592_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
cacattgttgtgaaggccgatgctgataaacaggcgctggagctgctggtgaaagcgtgcCccgcaggtctgtacaagaag
>ECK125095437_yahEp_forward_335739_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
cagaccaaccatgtaggctggacgccgctactggaagcgattgtgcttaatgatggtggtAttaaacagcaggcgattgtg
>ECK125136534_ybcKp1_forward_568787_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttattttttatgtattcttttgtgctttcaagattatggcgtaagaaaattgcaatacgAttattgttgtatattcaaga
>ECK120010017_ybhKp_reverse_816692_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agaggtagaagaaaatagtttgtatcctcaatattggcaggttaattgctgtttccccgcAatttgcgctactgtagcgcg
>ECK125136644_ybiOp5_reverse_845664_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcgctacgcttatcaggcctacaggatatctggcaacttattaaaattgcatgaacttGtaggacggataaggcgttca
>ECK125136805_ycgGp7_forward_1217307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctaccatgctctctgtagatgccagcgcgagcgaatgaatggcattttcatgtattaaaCcctttggccgggacaagcaa
>ECK125136812_ycgNp1_forward_1228683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaggccggtgacgttgtgttgacaggcacgcctgatggcgtcggcccgttgcaaagcgGtgatgagctgacagtcactt
>ECK125136868_ycjDp5_reverse_1351896_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaggttgtcgagcgaggcagcaccgcggatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcAccaaacggctgattgccggt
>ECK120009975_yeaGp1_forward_1866815_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atcaccgggcacgttgttctcatcgtcgataaaatggcatgagagttgctgtgttttagcAagagacgtcgttcagtttac
>ECK125137127_yebVp2_forward_1921715_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgcctgacagcgcacaaaaaaagcgcactttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactAggctgaaaaatggtgcgatc
>ECK125137263_yeiBp2_reverse_2243073_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtctcgatcgacgcggtgcattactgcgtgaaggcgcgtggcatccgcgatgcaaccagtGccacgacaacgacctctctt
>ECK125095444_yejHp_forward_2280622_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ctaataacatccctcaagggaaaaagatccatggcatactattagcagaataatctacctAcgcgagaccatgatttttac
>ECK125137368_yfeAp6_reverse_2517892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggtgaaagcatcattggatgaaaaatcggcaacaggctggccccctgtttgcttcgcgAtgcgaataaacttattattt
>ECK125095443_ygfKp_forward_3015992_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
cctcacatttttttatatttcccgccaaacctggcaagagtggtgcgattgttgctctatCcccctaaaccaccggatttc
>ECK125137557_yggMp1_reverse_3099757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaagtggatgatgcgaaatacggcttcgtcgcctctggcacgctgaacccgcaaaaagcGcgcgttctgctgcaactggc
>ECK120009976_yhdWp_forward_3418972_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cagcttattgcgacgcgaaatcgtgcgcaaaagctggcactacttttgcttataagaggaTggccacagacaggtaaaaga
>ECK125137748_yheVp1_reverse_3478985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtgcgttagagctggggcgcaagacgctggtcacgcttggcatgcatccgcatcaggcAcagcgagcgcaactgcattt
>ECK125137797_yhhMp1_reverse_3605794_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggttaacggtttaaacacccagcgttgccaggttggcccacgatacgatgcatccacaGatagccatgcggaaagacag
>ECK125137823_yhiDp1_reverse_3656110_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttattgatctgaatccaaaagcaatgaccccggttgcatggtggatgctgcatgaagaAacagtatataaaggtggcga
>ECK125095442_yhjCp_forward_3672136_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
aaaacaattttgaggatttccttatattggtggttagtacgcatgcaattaaaaatgaaaTtccgcgaccacaagccaaaa
>ECK125137948_yihLp1_forward_4060372_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcccttataagtctgtggttacgtcaatagagagctttgtcacaattatctgcaaagtcAtacgccgttaattgctttct
>ECK125137951_yihLp5_forward_4060423_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaaagtcatacgccgttaattgctttcttttttggcgtaagcgtaagatgcttcatctGgtttaaaccaaaaggattaa
>ECK125137990_yjaAp3_forward_4213224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagaaaaaccccggtccataaggccggggttttttgcatatcaattatttgcatgatgaAgggaatctcatgtcagttct
>ECK125137987_yjaGp4_forward_4199373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaccggccatcgggtcagcgtggacagcgcgctggcgtgggtacaacgctgcatgaaagGctatcgtctgccggagccaa
>ECK125138085_yjhUp1_reverse_4520381_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcatgtaaaagaataaaatatctgtataaaatcatgccactggcaatctgcatcaactCtccgggtaaacagggttaag
>ECK125138125_yjjXp6_reverse_4633899_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctactgatgatatgcgtaatgccaagctctttggcacgggttgccacctgcatcgcctGttgctcacctttggcggtca
>ECK125137512_yqeGp5_forward_2985741_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataactggcacgtaaggtttgcaaccactAacccaccaatagaggggtag
>ECK125137737_yrdBp1_reverse_3430062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgctggtggcacaggcggctcatgcctttcttctctggcacggtgttctgcctgacgtAgaaccagttataaagcaatt
>ECK125137738_yrdBp4_reverse_3430088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaagcgtaatgctgatggtttaggaatgctggtggcacaggcggctcatgcctttcttCtctggcacggtgttctgcct
>ECK125138044_ytfFp6_reverse_4433131_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagccatctttttaatgttaataactagttaattaaagtggcatcctcccgcatcctctcTgataatgacgggatgccggg
>ECK125137976_zapBp1_forward_4118386_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggattatgtcaccaggagaaggatgaaaagtgtggcaaaccgtaatctgcaaggcgtGccgctggacagcgatggcgc
>ECK120010765_zraPp_reverse_4201712_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gccagattacccgtcatatcagcgtttcatcgttggcacggaagatgcaatacccgaagtAagacaaccactggaggatta
>ECK120010766_zraSp_forward_4201905_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgtgttacagcgcagggtaagcgctgataaaagatggcatgatttctgctgtcagaaaggGatgagcaggcaaagaagaag
>ECK125137720_aaeRp10_forward_3389381_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgggaaacagactcatgttgaccttggttgtaaagagagagcaggcgttattattttcaGcatctgtcgccgcagagaag
>ECK125137717_aaeRp6_forward_3389477_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgagagcaacattgctgtagattgatatttaatatattagcgtaactgttatgctgttaTctatattatgtgatctaaat
>ECK125136673_aatp5_reverse_927460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcttgccagacaggggcgttattaccagttcaagcagggtttgtaagctattattgaacGatccgacttgcgtggagttt
>ECK120010467_accAp_forward_208411_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcccgggaaaaatatgctcgcgggcttgctatctcgctgacggacaggcaaattgatgacCagcttttaaaccgactccgt
>ECK120010469_accBp_forward_3405140_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaaggttatttacatgttagctgttgattatcttccctgataagaccagtatttagctgCcaattgctacgaaatcgtta
>ECK120010470_accDp_reverse_2434015_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actccgcggttcgaccacttttttatccaaagtttcgggctgttatgttttaatgtgcaaCattcatggtctgttgggggc
>ECK120010987_aceBp_forward_4215402_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttttaattaaaatggaaattgtttttgattttgcattttaaatgagtagtcttagttGtgctgaacgaaaagagcaca
>ECK120010281_aceEp_forward_122969_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaagcgcggcaactaaacgtagaacctgtcttattgagctttccggcgagagttcaatggGacaggttccagaaaactcaa
>ECK120010670_acnAp2_forward_1335781_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcttttatcaatttgggttgttatcaaatcgttacgcgatgtttgtgttatctttaatatTcaccctgaagagaatcaggg
>ECK120010671_acnBp_forward_131519_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatgttgcttttttgtaaacagattaacacctcgtcaaaatcctgctattctgcccgtTgcggtactgggcatttaccc
>ECK120010720_acpPp_forward_1151575_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgtggtaagacctgccgggatttagttgcaaatttttcaacattttatacactacgaaAaccatcgcgaaagcgagttt
>ECK120010736_acrAp_reverse_485698_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttcgtgaatttacaggcgttagatttacatacatttgtgaatgtatgtaccatagcacgAcgataatataaacgcagcaa
>ECK120015500_acrDp_forward_2587475_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagtcagttaatgtaatgcctcctactgaccaaagaatacttgcacttaaggttcagtaTaaaagggcatgataatttac
>ECK120016232_acrEp_forward_3413702_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttacgaggttttaattctgcctctttcaacccgcgtcaaaataaaacagtagaatattaaTctttttttgtgtttatgtgc
>ECK120015959_acrRp_forward_485699_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gatttcaaattggtcaatggtcaaaagttaataaacccattgctgcgtttatattatcgtCgtgctatggtacatacattc
>ECK125158030_acrZp_forward_794751_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcaaagctgaccgcacaaaaggggagtgcttttctgtgcttagcggttagaatagtctcAtgactatatctggagttgac
>ECK120009980_acsp1_reverse_4287595_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aataaccacactgtgaatgttgtctttaatcaattgtaagtgcatgtaaaataccactttAgagttagtcagtatcttcct
>ECK120009981_acsp2_reverse_4287391_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atactaaacaaaactgccaatacccctacatttaacgcttatgccacatattattaacatCctacaaggagaacaaaagca
>ECK125137021_addp6_forward_1702202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgtaaaaaatcgttgcgcaatcgtggatttttaccctgctttgtttttataatggtgcGcacttttatatccagaaaaa
>ECK125134720_adep_forward_3843910_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcagtgataattatcacatttcaattgcacattaatggatattctttaataatctcgcgAcgtttctttatgataaataa
>ECK125137899_adep7_forward_3843930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcaattgcacattaatggatattctttaataatctcgcgacgtttctttatgataaataAtaatcaaattgataaaatca
>ECK120010777_adiAp_reverse_4340556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttcaaaaatgtttgtttttcacgcgctttacagcccgaaaaggccggaagatacttgcccGcaacgaagattccttcataa
>ECK120010095_agaRp_reverse_3278703_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcttgcgtcaatgggcaaggtgggcttgcatttgcttaatagaaaggcgttaataggcaAaacgaaatgaaacgaaagtt
>ECK120010096_agaSp_forward_3281889_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgttttatttcttttttctccattgaactttcagtttcttttctatagattttaatcaaCgaaagacatcaccaagtgaa
>ECK120010147_ahpCp_forward_638921_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcgatttgataatggaaacgcattagccgaatcggcaaaaattggttaccttacatctcAtcgaaaacacggaggaagta
>ECK120051395_ahpCp2_forward_638693_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taggtaagagcttagatcaggtgattgccctttgtttatgagggtgttgtaatccatgtcGttgttgcatttgtaagggca
>ECK120010163_aidBp_forward_4414247_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gataagaatgttttagcaatctctttctgtcatgaatccatggcagtgaccatactaatgGtgactgccattgatggaggg
>ECK125137309_aisp4_reverse_2365756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagaaactaatattagacgtaaatattgaaatttttatattttttcttatttaggctttGcatttggcaaaattttgagg
>ECK125137311_aisp8_reverse_2365698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcatttggcaaaattttgaggcattttgccgacatcgtaggatttttaatattacaccAactgcgaattatcgccagaa
>ECK125137332_alaAp7_forward_2407414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagaacaattcactatataacattgcatgtaaagcatatacacctcattattttgtcattAttaagttattaacagcacaa
>ECK120030790_alaCp_reverse_2498399_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agataaatttcctgtttttaaagcagagttcctcatttaacgtcattaataaaatgttctAaaacgctggacagacagaaa
>ECK125137464_alaEp11_forward_2799087_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatagccagcgatatacgctatgcgAaaatgcagatggcaatgaga
>ECK120010611_alaWp_reverse_2518253_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
actacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacattcgggcggaattcatatgatgccgcccgtcAactcgacaagctttacgtga
>ECK125137370_alaXp4_reverse_2518306_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgcgagcggttttccaaaattgttcatttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacGttgcaatttgccgttgacac
>ECK120010673_aldAp_forward_1488190_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccttcacagaattgtcctttcacgattccgtctctctgatgattgatgttaattaacaaTgtattcaccgaaaacaaaca
>ECK120010162_alkBp_reverse_2309445_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagcggtacgggccgttgccagcgcctgtgccgccaacaagctggctatcataatacccTgtcatcgggtggtccgtggt
>ECK120015473_allDp_reverse_546411_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aataaattctaactatatttttttgcctgtctggatcacataatccagatattttccctgTatgttaattgcagtcatgct
>ECK125138019_alsEp2_reverse_4308664_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagaaccgcttgccggtatgggttttgaaacctatgccattgccagcgccatcattggcgGcaccagtttcttcggcggca
>ECK120010029_alsRp1_reverse_4313132_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catctatcatctaaaaaaccagaaaaacaaataacatcatgtttttaaactaattaaatgAaataaaattttaagccactc
>ECK125137640_alxp4_forward_3238370_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacagtgtaaaaggtatgtaacagaccattgactggctgaatggtctgtcatactttgttAcctgcaaaggggagtaactt
>ECK120009942_amiAp_forward_2552241_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgaacggtcgaattagccaatatctgacgaaaatcggttgaaaaagtggcataatggggAgttgtcaactattgaaatga
>ECK125137497_amiCp6_reverse_2949189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaccacggcacacctctttgcatgattattcgaaattagtgtatttttattctgttttTtcgcagggtgcaagtgtaaa
>ECK125137498_amiCp7_reverse_2949066_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaaagaatgtttaccgtttattagatgacagattatgcgtctttcgctaaagtttccgGtcaaattagtcgtttacttg
>ECK120010445_ampCp_reverse_4379003_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacggtctggctgctatcctgacagttgtcacgctgattggtgtcgttacaatctaacgcAtcgccaatgtaaatccggcc
>ECK120015384_amyAp_forward_2006115_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gctccgcaggataacctcttttgaatctgaatgagtcgatggctcgcgaataatccgattAcggctacgcttctaatgttc
>ECK125137027_anmKp9_reverse_1719673_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acattcatgatgattattgatttgaagataatgttttactaccaacggtaaaaatcggtcAttccgcatggtattcacgaa
>ECK120011026_ansBp2_reverse_3100751_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcacgttgtaaattgtttaacgtcaaatttcccatacagagctaagggataatgcgtagcGttcacgtaactggaggaatg
>ECK120010165_appCp_forward_1037710_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggcgaatacctctggtcgtagagtttcaggataaagagggagatctaccattatcgggttAtttttctctcttcgcctaca
>ECK120020532_appYp_forward_583567_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aataaaaaacaacatacatataataatttaatcttaaatgaaatttattaaaatttgcaaActataattttgtgtataaaa
>ECK120030797_aptp_forward_491310_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaagcactgaagcacaacaatcgcagttgcaattattgcgtacagccagtacattctggcGttttcgagcacaggcgcagg
>ECK125136670_aqpZp3_reverse_916133_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcaaatttactggatttatttatctggtgaatgactcgccttcgtttttaaaatagccGcgcattatttccgtcgtcac
>ECK120010108_araBp_reverse_70075_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccataagattagcggatcctacctgacgctttttatcgcaactctctactgtttctccatAcccgtttttttggatggagt
>ECK120010988_araCp_forward_70241_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caatgtggacttttctgccgtgattatagacacttttgttacgcgtttttgtcatggcttTggtcccgctttgttacagaa
>ECK120010148_araEp_reverse_2982208_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catatttatgctgtttccgacctgacacctgcgtgagttgttcacgtattttttcactatGtcttactctctgctggcagg
>ECK120010166_araFp_reverse_1986238_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattctgcgatgtgatattgctctcctatggagaattaatttctcgctaaaactatgtcaAcacagtcacttatcttttag
>ECK120010167_araJp_reverse_412529_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaatacagaggggcgaattatctcttggccttgctggtcgttatcctgcaagctatcactTtattggctacggtgattggt
>ECK120010655_arcAp1_reverse_4640508_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgggtgtccggcccctcttagcctgttatgttgctgttaaaatggttaggatgacagccGtttttgacactgtcgggtcc
>ECK120010658_arcAp3_reverse_4640535_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatatatgtcaacgaagcgtagttttattgggtgtccggcccctcttagcctgttatgttGctgttaaaatggttaggatg
>ECK120010659_arcAp4_reverse_4640599_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgacgaaagctagcatttagatacgatgatttcatcaaactgttaacgtgctacaattgaActtgatatatgtcaacgaag
>ECK120010698_arcAp5_reverse_4640681_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttataaaaaataaatctcgacaattggattcaccacgtttattagttgtatgatgcaacTagttggattattaaaataat
>ECK120010661_arcAp7_reverse_4640801_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taacgtaagtcgcagaaaaagccctttacttagcttaaaaaaggctaaactatttcctgaCtgtactaacggttgagttgt
>ECK125137740_arfAp3_reverse_3438673_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
gggcgagtggcgttaagagtggttgttgattttttgcactggcaggattacactcgcgccGttaaataaccaactggagtt
>ECK120020530_argAp_forward_2949156_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtcatctaataaacggtaaacattctttttatattcacggcattactgataaaaaagtcgCtctcgcataaaatttacact
>ECK120010989_argCp_forward_4154885_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatggcggtaatttgtttttcattgttgacacacctctggtcatgatagtatcaatattcAtgcagtatttatgaataaaa
>ECK120010177_argDp_reverse_3490221_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttcctgcatcgctgatttctgattgccatttagtgattttttatgcatattttgtggttAtaatttcacatttgtttatg
>ECK120010109_argEp1_reverse_4154897_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaacattcaccttacggctggtgggttttattacgctcaacgttagtgtatttttattcAtaaatactgcatgaatattg
>ECK120010990_argFp_reverse_290340_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
gtaagaaagaattgtgaaatggggttgcaaatgaataattacacatataaagtgaattttAattcaataagtggcgttcgc
>ECK120010080_argGp_forward_3318562_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttacaaaaaacacactaaactcttcctgtctccgataaaagatgattaaatgaaaactcAtttattttgcataaaaattc
>ECK120010991_argIp_reverse_4478344_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgacaaagatttatgctttagacttgcaaatgaataatcatccatataaattgaattttAattcattgaggcgttagcca
>ECK120034387_argOp_reverse_3068836_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
ctgattgccaattaatattatcaatttccgctaataacaatcccgcgatatagtctctgcAtcagatacttaattcggaat
>ECK120010110_argRp1_forward_3384677_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttcagccttcttcagggctgactgtttgcataaaaattcatctgtatgcacaataatgttGtatcaaccaccatatcgggt
>ECK125137153_argSp_forward_1960001_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
aaacggcaatacgccacgcgcacgttgctgacgaaaacagccatttgcagtatactcccgCcctaatttctttaactggtg
>ECK120010588_argUp_forward_564703_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cagcaaccagatcaaaagccattgactcagcaagggttgaccgtataattcacgcgattaCaccgcattgcggtatcaacg
>ECK120010595_argWp_forward_2466308_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agcaatcgagcggcagcgtacttaccccgcactccattagcgggtatactcatgccgcatTgtcctcttagttaaatggat
>ECK120010600_argXp_forward_3982364_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Confirmed
gcaatttatttaaaaagggactagacagaggggtgggaagtccgtattatccacccccgcAacggcgctaagcgcccgtag
>ECK120010992_aroFp_reverse_2741201_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtaaataaaaatgtacgaaatatggattgaaaactttactttatgtgttatcgttacgtcAtcctcgctgaggatcaacta
>ECK120010993_aroGp_forward_785591_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
taatccgttcatagtgtaaaaccccgtttacacattctgacggaagatatagattggaagTattgcattcactaagataag
>ECK120010994_aroHp1_forward_1788318_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttagtcgccgaatgtactagagaactagtgcattagcttatttttttgttatcatgctaAccacccggcgaggtgtgaca
>ECK120029297_aroHp2_forward_1788384_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cggcgaggtgtgacacacctcgcacttgaaatcagcagcgattggtttatcgtgatgcgcAtcacttcccggcagtcctgc
>ECK120010642_aroKp1_reverse_3519380_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttacgctgaacgtgtttcatctatttgacgcgcgcaggtatttagcatacaaggagtaccGatttgagagttggtgctctt
>ECK120010643_aroKp2_reverse_3519167_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagagggatgggtgatttattcagttgccaaacccgctggagtattgagataattttcagTctgactctcgcaatatctta
>ECK120010995_aroLp_forward_406280_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaatgtaatttattatttacacttcattcttgaatatttattggtatagtaaggggtgtAttgagattttcactttaagt
>ECK120010996_aroPp1_reverse_121671_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaaccatgcataaagcgggtgcattcgctgccgcataccattattcttgatctgacggAagtctttttgtaacaattca
>ECK120010756_aroPp2_reverse_121650_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcattcgctgccgcataccattattcttgatctgacggaagtctttttgtaacaattcaAacttctttgatgtaaacaaa
>ECK125137993_arpAp8_reverse_4222513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatttctttagttgtaatcatattaaattttttcactgttctgatagttaaaattcaagAcatcaataaacaatgagata
>ECK125137994_arpAp9_reverse_4222691_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaataagggtgtctgttaatcgcattgacgccaaaataacttaatgtcatacacttcacAcacttttattaactcagcat
>ECK125135022_arrSp_reverse_3658054_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caagaataagttatcaataaccagtttgtgatctctgaagaatattactaaagttaaaatGtaatccgatttaaatatcga
>ECK120010685_arsRp_forward_3648512_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cattcgttaagtcatatatgtttttgacttatccgcttcgaagagagacactacctgcaaCaatcaggagcgcaatatgtc
>ECK120015422_artJp_reverse_900626_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
catttaaattatttaatcatgtttattgcatataaattcacttgatggcattgttatcccAtgccgcagacacggccaaaa
>ECK120015421_artPp_reverse_903769_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttaacttttaaagcagaaatattgcataattattctgtcaaaggtactatcttcgaccTcaatagctatcagactgcca
>ECK120016938_ascFp_forward_2839429_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ataaaaaatgaacaattcactctcttgcttatttagtgacaactattcatgattttgtgaAaccggtttcttaattccgtt
>ECK120016939_ascGp_reverse_2839287_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatatttttcccgccgattgtgcaaggacaatcggcaaacggtgcagtacactgcgttgaTtgcgtgtaaagggatgaaaa
>ECK120010178_asnAp_forward_3927129_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagttaggctttttattgaatgattattgcatgtgtgtcggtttttgttgcttaatcataAgcaacaggacgcaggagtat
>ECK120010179_asnCp_reverse_3927031_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcattcaataaaaagcctaactcacttttgattcattaaaaaagaaggctaaaatagaatGaatcatcaatccgcataaga
>ECK120010591_asnTp_forward_2044541_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgacttatgaaatttagtgttgacagacaaggtaccgctaagtaatattcgccccgttCacacgattcctctgtagttc
>ECK120010592_asnUp_forward_2059845_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttggggaatttaaaaatcgggtttgacaaaagatttttcgccgttaagatgtgcctcaacAacgattcctctgtagttcag
>ECK120010593_asnVp_forward_2062252_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caaaaaaatgcatttcaccctttgacatcaccatgcactgccattaatatgcgccccgttCacacgattcctctgtagttc
>ECK120010218_aspAp_reverse_4368432_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accgacacttaaagtgatccagattacggtagaaatcctcaagcagcatatgatctcgggTattcggtcgatgcaggggat
>ECK120010586_aspVp_forward_236913_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttcaaaagatgagaaaaaccgttgacgaaggtcgaggcaatccgtaatattcgcctcgttCccaacggaacacaacgcgga
>ECK120009851_astCp1_reverse_1832013_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggctggcacgaaccctgcaatctacatttacagcgcaaacattacttattattaacatatAaataacgaattatttactgt
>ECK125137912_atpCp1_reverse_3916059_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctccctgaaagacaccatccgtggctttaaaggcatcatggaaggcgaatacgatcacctGccggagcaggcgttctacat
>ECK120010417_atpIp_reverse_3922525_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttattcaccttttggctacttattgtttgaaatcacgggggcgcaccgtataatttgaccGctttttgatgcttgactcta
>ECK125140837_azoRp_reverse_1482904_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacAagcaacggggcatcgcccat
>ECK125095432_azuCp_reverse_1988001_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatgtgatttgtatcacataaagattgatttttgtgatggttgtcatattataagcgcAaagacaataacacctgtata
>ECK125138022_basSp4_reverse_4333477_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgtcaggtatggatgggcggtgaagagttgattctgacgcccaaagaatatgctctgctGtcacggttaatgctcaaagc
>ECK125137855_baxp5_reverse_3737221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggggtgctcttgacagctatttttgatatgatttgagattcaactctcaaatttgtgaAaaatataaggtgttggaatg
>ECK120010674_bcpp_forward_2600437_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgagcaagcgttcaaagccctatgtacagaactcaatgcacaaggcagtattaacgtcGtcaattattcccaacatgat
>ECK120016406_bcsBp_reverse_3692673_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agggcatattccgtgtgctgacttctctggtttcctgggttgtatcgtttattccgcgccGcccggagcggagcgaaacgg
>ECK125137836_bcsEp11_forward_3696395_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatcacacgtcttgtgaccttctaaattgattcacatgctaaatctgataagttttaaTttcaatggtaggtttatttc
>ECK125203424_bcsEp2_forward_3696443_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gataagttttaatttcaatggtaggtttatttcttagctttcgctagtaaactgataatcAgacaaaatggtgacatgagg
>ECK125137835_bcsEp8_forward_3696322_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggcgagacgggaatttgctcactttttgactttccgttacgcaacagaaaaagttaaAaacgaaaagactaaaatcac
>ECK125095201_bdcAp_reverse_4474064_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttacaaaacctgttgacagaaagttaaaacagttttgtaatgcatgttacataataaatcAaggagtccttatgggcgctt
>ECK125136459_betAp7_reverse_327257_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacacccaggtgaagtccatccaggttgagatggctaaattccagtccatattctaaccaGgaggtttatttgcaatttga
>ECK120010181_betIp_reverse_329361_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtaacaattaagacacattttatattgaacgtccaatcaataaccgctttaatagataaAcaccgctgatgaatggagtg
>ECK120010182_betTp_forward_329421_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatctattaaagcggttattgattggacgttcaatataaaatgtgtcttaattgttacGaatttgattttaaatagtaa
>ECK125137742_bfrp3_reverse_3466749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggagtccgcataaacggagtgtgttttttgacttactcgtaagccgttctactcttcaaaGagtggaagcgaaggagtcaa
>ECK120015385_bglXp_reverse_2222120_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cactccttgtggtggcgaaaaaatatcacaaactagaatagcgccttgtataacaattcaGcgagtgaatattttgaaaat
>ECK125136763_bhsAp8_forward_1168981_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctttctatttaactgaaatttaaagatttttaaattaattaatgattgttataaaaaatAtcttgtatgtgatccagatc
>ECK125136764_bhsAp9_forward_1169019_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
attaatgattgttataaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttAtcgatcgttaagtaattgct
>ECK120010997_bioAp_reverse_809292_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtgagccatggggcttctccaaaacgtgttttttgttgttaattcggtgtagacttgtaaAcctaaatcttttcaatttgg
>ECK120010998_bioBp_forward_809302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gatcgtccgttgtcataatcgacttgtaaaccaaattgaaaagatttaggtttacaagtcTacaccgaattaacaacaaaa
>ECK125137841_bisCp3_reverse_3716486_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttaatccttaataacctttttattctttgccacgggttccgtggcgggagattatgccGcgtgaacatgaagattattc
>ECK125137844_bisCp7_reverse_3716513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaataagataaacacgtttcttcattgttaatccttaataacctttttattctttgccAcgggttccgtggcgggagat
>ECK125158027_bluFp_reverse_1215506_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaacggttatgttttggtattaaaagaaagacacaagaagatatgtctgttaccgtcttaCtctcgcctcacccattaccc
>ECK125136804_bluFp7_reverse_1215613_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaacaatgtgttatgataaaacatattgcatcatttaactgacaatctatacaagattTttcgccaactagtgttcaac
>ECK120034206_bluRp_reverse_1214113_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcatccaatttagctgaaatcttatttatactttgtacaattttagcgtatattgtacaaAgtattattgggtcgtgtaca
>ECK120027939_bolAp2_forward_454349_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ctggtaaaagaaacactgatgcgaggcctgtgtttcaatctttaaatcagtaaacttcatAcgcttgacggaaaaaccagg
>ECK125136658_bssRp5_forward_878246_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgctcaaaaaatagccatactatttaattgcaacaaggctgggaagaggaggatcgaaGtatgttcgttgacagacagc
>ECK120034201_bssSp_reverse_1121020_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttatctgtttccccctttaaaaattcggtgaatacccttacttattggtatactgaagttGcttcagataaaaacgcattg
>ECK120010438_btuBp_forward_4163399_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaattcctatttgtgagctacgtctggacagtaacttgttacaacctgtagcatccacttGccggtcctgtgagttaatag
>ECK120010564_cadBp_reverse_4360106_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tttgtgttatttcacctaatctttaggattaatccttttttcgtgagtaatcttatcgccAgtttggtctggtcaggaaat
>ECK120010183_cadCp_reverse_4361963_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataatatgtaaataaacccatctatagatggtaaaaataggttgtggcaattatcattgcAtcattcccttttcgaatgag
>ECK120010686_caiFp_forward_34218_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gatgacataagcaggatttagctcacacttatcgacggtgaagttgcatactatcgatatAtccacaattttaatatggcc
>ECK120010472_caiTp_reverse_42037_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgaaacaaaaatgtgataccaatcacagaatacagcttattgaatacccattatgagttaGccattaacgcgtccacgagg
>ECK120010176_carAp1_forward_29551_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taatataaaaaatcccgccattaagttgacttttagcgcccatatctccagaatgccgccGtttgccagaaattcgtcggt
>ECK120010111_carAp2_forward_29619_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaattcgtcggtaagcagatttgcattgatttacgtcatcattgtgaattaatatgcaaAtaaagtgagtgaatattctc
>ECK125109146_casp_reverse_2884319_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttctttaataataaaacgaataacttgcagatttgaaatgcatgcattattgtctttaaAcaattcaacacatcttaata
>ECK120010675_cblp_reverse_2060941_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggaataagatgcgggtttttattatttgttatgccgggcattagactttaacaataacgGgaaatctgaactgcccggag
>ECK120010474_cbpAp1_reverse_1063833_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
gatgatttcaataacatattctgtgttggcatatgaaattttgaggattaccctacacttAtaggagttaccttacagggg
>ECK125160651_cbpAp4_reverse_1063919_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggttcaactatcaaaaatcgctcaccctttttcacctgtttaaaatatgttcagcaaccCatcttgatggcgacctcctc
>ECK125160650_cbpAp6_reverse_1064037_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttccaggcctgtttcaaataattatttgcagtgcaactaattccatgtatattactacccAtatatagcgtctataaaatt
>ECK125137907_cbrBp3_forward_3897479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgggatattacggcatagttcttcacactcccttcacttaccccgcttaaattggcgCtcaaaggtaagtaaagggag
>ECK120010619_cddp_forward_2231819_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcataattaatgagattcagatcacatataaagccacaacgggttcgtaaactgttatccCattacatgattatgaggcaa
>ECK125136392_cdsAp2_forward_195561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcattagtaactttttgctttggcaaattgcctatgccgaactttactttacagatgttcTctggcccgatttcgatgaac
>ECK125230250_cecRp_reverse_830669_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgttgctaaaattcttagccatactggacaactcccctatggagtcataatcttaatcaaTcatttgattaagaatggact
>ECK120010764_cedAp_reverse_1813742_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagaccaccagccagatcccgcttcggagactattctggaaacggtgttatgaaatacacGcaaagcgggacgtacagggg
>ECK120009948_chiAp_reverse_3469896_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttaatgccgtaatttaattcatattgaagggttctcgtaaaacgtaaataattcctgcGtaggacttttgttttgcagt
>ECK120032976_chiXp_forward_507204_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaagagtcatcttgcctaagagtattggcaggatggtgagattgagcgacaatcgagttAcaccgtcgcttaaagtgacg
>ECK120035107_chop_forward_1823492_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtaacctttgtcatcgacccgcctcttttttaatcgcttcccgcctgttacactggatagAtaaccagcattcggagtcaa
>ECK120009877_chpSp1_forward_4448402_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atctattaacgcataaaaaactctgctggcattcacaaatgcgcaggggtaaaacgtttcCtgtagcaccgtgagttatac
>ECK120009878_chpSp2_forward_4448428_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tggcattcacaaatgcgcaggggtaaaacgtttcctgtagcaccgtgagttatactttgtAtaacttaaggaggtgcagat
>ECK120010113_cirAp1_reverse_2246929_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggatataaaatttaacatttggattgataattgttatcgtttgcattatcgttacgccgcAatcaaaaaaggctgacaaat
>ECK125136564_citTp6_reverse_646603_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgatccttacctggtttttagcacagatttaattatttaagcacttgataaatttggaaAtattaattttcggagaaccc
>ECK125136382_clcAp10_forward_175052_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttagagtataaaagttttgtgcatttgaaacattacgctttgcaaaggattttcatggAacgtgcgagtaaaatgccgt
>ECK125137205_cldp6_reverse_2098375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggctatttacgccctgattgtcttttgttacttacacaacaattcattatttttatcActtatcctatagcattcacg
>ECK120010537_clpAp1_forward_923080_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacactccgatggagtttgttattgacgtgttacaaaaattcttttcttatgatgtagaAcgtgcaacgcaattgatgct
>ECK120010295_clpPp1_forward_456577_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
accgtgcgaaaagcctctttcggtgttagcgtaacaacaaaagattgttatgcttgaaatAtggtgatgccgtacccataa
>ECK125136671_clpSp6_forward_922750_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagaattagggcgagccgtcaagcatttgacaggggacaaggggcaggtatgaatcaaaAatttgaagcagttaacgcta
>ECK120010702_cmkp_forward_961165_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaactggtttttgcacacaacgttaacgatttgtggcgtcggcgcgtataatgcgcgcggTtatgttaacggtacgcctgt
>ECK120010689_cmoMp_forward_973404_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acatcagcggaagtggcagcaacatattgccaatcacttttttcagtgtaaaaagcatccTttctggttccttttttaacc
>ECK125137026_cnup10_forward_1704812_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attatcttgttcgatgttgttggtgattgtcagggatagtaaagcgcgttactcttttcaGagcagtttttcatccctgaa
>ECK125137023_cnup7_forward_1704873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcagtttttcatccctgaatatttgccatcagcgcattcttattattgtaataacacaaGcgttcacttttggtgaaatt
>ECK125137025_cnup9_forward_1704761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcccgtccgggtgcatgttttcacttgtcggatattaaaccaggaatttattatcttgTtcgatgttgttggtgattgt
>ECK125137197_cobTp8_reverse_2064601_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgctatttttgctgccgtattattgccgggtatgcatggtgtggctgctatggtggtgAcgatggtggcgattttcatc
>ECK120016352_cobUp1_reverse_2065874_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aagtctggctattccgtaatgccatcttatttcgtaatggattgagaatgctggatttttAattatattacgcgcagtatt
>ECK120016353_cobUp2_reverse_2065972_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttgttccggcagtagcattaattcattatctgaatgaaatgtgtcaatccacagaaaccGctgtcaatgacgcattttgt
>ECK120010248_codBp_forward_354884_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaaatatatttccccacgaaaacgattgctttttatcttcagatgaatagaatgcggcgGattttttgggtttcaaacag
>ECK125136789_cohEp8_reverse_1202955_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacctccggtgtacatattacatgattgaaatgaaccttcaagatacttgtaccttaacgGtacaagggttttaatttcgt
>ECK125136790_cohEp9_reverse_1203014_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggccaactcgccctgctgttctttggttaaagagtcccaatacgctttcatacaatatgtAcctccggtgtacatattaca
>ECK125136762_comRp3_reverse_1168863_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaattatttttatgggatctggactggtgaacggaggtgattatttttataataacctTtcattcacagtcaccaggta
>ECK120010641_copAp_reverse_511411_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acccgcctggtttattaatttcttgaccttccccttgctggaaggtttaacctttatcacAgccagtcaaaactgtcttaa
>ECK120010545_corAp_forward_4001194_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gttctgtggtgttctgttgcgtgttgacggcaaaattttgctggcgtaacatgcgcgcacGatcactctaagaggacattc
>ECK120010185_cpdBp_reverse_4436629_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcgccaactgtgatagtgtcatcattttcaaagcgtaaaattgtggcattcttcactgtTctataagtaagacgtttatt
>ECK120010879_cpxPp_forward_4105785_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttacgttgttttacaccccctgacgcatgtttgcagcctgaatcgtaaactctctatcGttgaatcgcgacagaaagat
>ECK125136565_crcBp3_reverse_657998_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcaaactgtcctgcggcaaccagcattgccacctcctgtcagagtcgtaaaattcgccAacgacgattattcggcgtta
>ECK120010546_creAp_forward_4635477_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttagggcttgacggaaataaaagtattgagattttgttcttaatcaatatgttatttaccGtgacgaactaattgctcgtg
>ECK120010184_crpp1_forward_3485953_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gggtcatgctgaagcgagacaccaggagacacaaagcgaaagctatgctaaaacagtcagGatgctacagtaatacattga
>ECK125137495_csdAp3_forward_2943207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcttctccttaaagcgattaataaatcttaatagtattgattaacaggctaaaattaacGcctaacactattcagcatat
>ECK120010676_csiEp_forward_2665401_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttgccaacatttctgatgattagcattcccttcgccatttccttgagcaaactttagctAttcttatcaattatgcttat
>ECK120010399_cspAp1_forward_3719889_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatcataaatatgaaaaataattgttgcatcacccgccaatgcgtggcttaatgcacatcAacggtttgacgtacagacca
>ECK120010400_cspAp2_forward_3719940_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgcacatcaacggtttgacgtacagaccattaaagcagtgtagtaaggcaagtcccttcAagagttatcgttgatacccc
>ECK125137116_cspCp8_reverse_1907509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtcctgagtaaacacgttgacgttgaataccgcttctctgccgagccttatattggtgCctcatgcagtaatgtgtcag
>ECK120010540_cspDp_reverse_922676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgccccttgtcccctgtcaaatgcttgacggctcgccctaattctctaaattgtatttctAgagttggcgaggttttgaac
>ECK120034386_cspEp1_forward_657147_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtactttgcctggatgcgctttcagttttgagacaaatgaagttttagtaacttctttaaAatcaatagctaaaataagta
>ECK120034385_cspEp2_forward_657250_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tatcactttttagtaaagttacactggacaaagcgtaccacaattggtgtactggtaaccGacacagcatttgtgtctatt
>ECK125136996_cspFp6_forward_1641765_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcaaaccgacgcaatcattaacgcatagttgaacatatgaagcaatgtttattttagacAtccagccatcttcaacccca
>ECK125136997_cspFp7_forward_1641690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcaaagaaggaataagtgaataacacctgaaatgagaactgctttagtaaactacttcGtatatcgtctgttcttcaaa
>ECK125136714_cspHp10_reverse_1051278_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacgcagctattaacgcatgataattgagAttaagcaaattttattttag
>ECK125136713_cspHp9_reverse_1051330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagagactcaaaagaaggggataatgcctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttGtatgctgtctgtctttcaaa
>ECK125138139_csrAp1_reverse_2819373_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacctgcagcgttagccagtgtgaaaggctgggtcagcgcgaaattgcaataatataagcGtcaggcaatgccgtggactc
>ECK125138142_csrAp5_reverse_2819189_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttagatgtaatgtgtttgtcattgcttactttttggcgttatatgatggataatgccgggAtacagagagacccgactctt
>ECK120010043_csrBp_reverse_2924524_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccttaaggcattgtctgtaagcgccttgtaagacttcgcgaaaaagacgattctatcttcGtcgacagggagtcagacaac
>ECK125137724_csrDp4_reverse_3403425_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagtggtcctcatgtgcatgatggattggaaaataatttctgaagactatactcgctaAtggaaaagcaaagccgatga
>ECK120010099_cstAp2_forward_629864_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atttacatggttgctgtgttgttaaattgtacaaagatgttatagaaacaaaatgtaacaTctctatggacacgcacacgg
>ECK125136514_cueRp6_forward_513974_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatattcgcactggcaaaaaaacgtgcttgaatatctgttgaaaccctttaacaaagcacAggaggcgttgcgcgaacgat
>ECK120009908_cusCp_forward_595573_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgacaattttgtcatttttctgtcaccggaaaatcagagcctggcgagtaaagttggcggCataaaatcaccagaaattat
>ECK120009909_cusRp_reverse_595462_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaattgtcattttgccaataagcgattgccatctgatcccgctactctagaattgcccgGgcaacatgcggaggaaatat
>ECK120010701_cutAp_reverse_4365392_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacgccccgctttctttcccgccgactaacatccttcccccgtccgttgtatagtgacctCtctcttgcggttccatctgt
>ECK125137150_cutCp2_reverse_1959267_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catccgtggtccattgaagagatcgttgccagcgagcagtcggcgtaattaaggagtaaaAatggcattactggaaatttg
>ECK120010571_cvpAp1_reverse_2430800_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgatgcgcgggaaggaaatccctacgcaaacgttttctttttctgttagaatgcgcccCgaacaggatgacagggcgta
>ECK125136817_cvrAp6_reverse_1242164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacacccgggaaggcactcagttgacgattagcggtcatcctgttcttaaaatgtaaaAaaatcacgcttcagggctaa
>ECK120010114_cyaAp_forward_3990999_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacacttgtatgtagcgcatctttctttacggtcaatcagcaaggtgttaaattgatcacGttttagaccattttttcgtc
>ECK120030659_cyaAp2_forward_3990774_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagagtgcaagtgggctttggcgtgtggcaattcttaaaacattgtctaacatgcttgttAccgtcattatcatccgtggt
>ECK125137921_cyaYp5_reverse_3994083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gaacgcagccgcagaggtgcaaactttgaagccctgaccccatgccgctatactgccgccAtcacttaaaaacaggataca
>ECK125136921_cybBp6_forward_1490887_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgaacaatatttaatgaaattttgagaaaagcccgttatgttaacggaaaattatgttAaagcaggaaatgttatggaa
>ECK120010168_cydAp1_forward_771170_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgatatttatcaatgtataagtcttggaaatgggcatcaaaaagagataaattgttctcGatcaaattggctgaaaggcg
>ECK120010700_cydAp2_forward_771284_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atgcaaatttgcttcaacaaaaacctgtttattgtaaggattttgcggcgtaatatatacGtgggatcaatttgagttttt
>ECK120009951_cydAp3_forward_771202_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggcatcaaaaagagataaattgttctcgatcaaattggctgaaaggcggtaatttagctAtaaattgatcaccgtcgaaa
>ECK120009953_cydAp5_forward_771368_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacatgtttgcaacctttctttacgccgtttttgtgtgcattcacatggtatgatgaaagTgttcaaacaaatttctattg
>ECK120010773_cydDp_reverse_931031_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaataattttacaaatcagtaacaaaagtaaagaaggcgacaccatgcgactatgggtcGcctttattttttccccgttg
>ECK120010204_cynRp_reverse_358709_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggcagactactcgccgattgtcataaggtaaaagtctcatttatgatgagttccattggAtttacttataggttgcgaat
>ECK120010203_cynTp_forward_358773_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atggaactcatcataaatgagacttttaccttatgacaatcggcgagtagtctgcctctcAttccagagacagacagaggt
>ECK120010169_cyoAp_reverse_451653_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tccaagtaacaggaatttaatcatgtttacagtaatgtaaccttcccgtaaaatgcccacAcactttaaacgccaccagat
>ECK125136489_cyoEp3_reverse_447770_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgaaggctggaacatgacggcgtttgtcttcaccgtgctaatcatcgctatcctggttGtaggctccatctggattatg
>ECK120010149_cysBp_forward_1333788_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atacactaaggctataaatgatatagtggttatagttagcaccttttttattattaaatcGtattagtcacccgccaggtg
>ECK120010206_cysDp_reverse_2876368_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aactactcattctaattggtaatttcattcgttctcttacgctccctatagtcgaaacatCtgatggcaagaaaatagcgg
>ECK120015375_cysGp1_forward_3497754_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Confirmed
tgggtaatactttatcaggtgccgtattcatgggattgggttattggtatgctacgccgaAagcgaatcgtccggttgcgg
>ECK120010150_cysJp_reverse_2891964_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggttattagttatcgctatcccgtctttaatccacaccgtttgccccgttaaccttacctTctcttctgttttatgggcgc
>ECK120010151_cysKp1_forward_2532377_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtatatagatatgctaaatccttacttccgcatattctctgagcgggtatgctacctgttGtatcccaatttcatacagtt
>ECK120010205_cysPp_reverse_2543557_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accaaacggtatataaaaccgttactcctttcacgtccgttataaatatgatggctattaGaaagtcattaaatttataag
>ECK120010430_cytRp_reverse_4124509_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cacacttttcatgaaaattctgtaaccgttttcacgcgctatctgctaaaaatgttgccgAtgtgaagtaaacatggatgt
>ECK125136575_dacAp3_reverse_664001_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gttaacaaagtcacgcggaaagtcagatgcctgccggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcActtttttaattccatcacgg
>ECK120022294_dacCp_forward_880653_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaggatattgcataaactttaaaaactttaccaacttacggtttctttaagtttgtgtgTgcgttattaatcaccaaact
>ECK120010721_dadAp1_forward_1237509_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcagggagatgtgagccagctcaccataaaaaagccgcatgttgaataatattttcaactGagttatcaagatgtgattag
>ECK120010722_dadAp3_forward_1237538_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaagccgcatgttgaataatattttcaactgagttatcaagatgtgattagattattatTcttttactgtatctaccgtt
>ECK120010644_damXp_reverse_3517600_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcggacgtcggaacgtctcgggcagtttagttctgccgaaacgcagcgtattataacccTgctcaagcgggctgggttac
>ECK120010645_damp1_reverse_3516252_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agaccgcaggtaatgttggttcgttgaaatcggcaccgtccagccattacactctgcagcTgagcagttcctctaactacg
>ECK120010646_damp2_reverse_3515982_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggtacaggccgatctgaagtaatcaaggttatctcccgcaatggtttatcgttgcgggaGttgcctgaagcgctggatgc
>ECK120010360_dapAp_reverse_2599784_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aacaatcagaacggttctgtctgcttgcttttaatgccataccaaacgtaccattgagacActtgtttgcacagaggatgg
>ECK120010274_dapBp1_forward_28343_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atttctaattatcagcgtttttggctggcggcgtagcgatgcgctggttactctgaaaacGgtctatgcaaattaacaaaa
>ECK120030657_dapBp2_forward_28288_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcagtcattcatcgactcatgcctttcactgatatccctccctgtttatcattaatttcTaattatcagcgtttttggct
>ECK120010284_dapDp_reverse_185977_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgcagcaggaagtgcatcagcggttgacagaggccctcaatccaaacgataaagggtgaTgtgtttactgatatgaaaag
>ECK120030660_dapEp_forward_2591560_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaatgcctgcaattatcaaacgtccattgctctgcgtgcccggtaagcctatgctgctggGtttcagtgattccagttatc
>ECK120009885_dctAp_reverse_3683498_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtttcaattatgatccaggtacatttctgtgatgttgtctgggtgttattttaaggccGcaggtaccccataaccttac
>ECK120010755_dcuAp_reverse_4366843_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcgaacagtaatcgtacagggtagtacaaataaaaaaggcacgtcagatgacgtgcctTttttcttgtgagcagtaact
>ECK120010567_dcuBp_reverse_4348764_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaaacagttcatacaaaacagaacgtgactgtgatctattcagcaaaaatttaaataggAttatcgcgagggttcacaca
>ECK120009913_dcuDp_forward_3374766_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tacaaaataatcataagcgcatattttttaatgaaaaatcacctcacctacaattaaaaaCacgacatccgcaccataaat
>ECK120033033_dcuRp_reverse_4350565_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgatcccacgaatttatgaataaattgcatgtgattctcggattattgcatctgaagagTtataagcagttggaagatta
>ECK120016339_dcuSp_reverse_4351685_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatagccaatcattcttactccctttgaattacccgcctcatcagagataatgcttaagAaatttgtcacacaaggaagc
>ECK125137339_dedDp3_reverse_2431875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatattgccggaactctggcctggttgaaaagcgtggttgatgactggtattgtgcgccActggaagggccgcgcggtgc
>ECK120029527_defp_forward_3433650_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caatctttgcgattggtcagtgatgctgtcaatcagagggggatttgtctagaatagaagAaataatctttctaactcctg
>ECK125165391_degQp_forward_3380698_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gactatcatttaatctggtgtctcattgttagccgtctgaaaattcaataacatcaaactGttttgaatctcttttcttat
>ECK125165392_degSp_forward_3382173_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgtaaaccgggcatcaggcttacgtgtgatgtccggttaactcgtggtatgctgctgccGttcccttttttaatgacgcc
>ECK120010451_deoBp_forward_4619567_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcaccggaaagcacaccaactgtctatcgccgtatcagcgaataacggtatactgatctgAtcatttaaatttgaagcact
>ECK120010115_deoCp1_forward_4616679_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaggtaacgccagaaacgttttattcgaacatcgatctcgtcttgtgttagaattctaacAtacggttgcaacaacgcatc
>ECK120010116_deoCp2_forward_4617278_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatttccttaattgtgatgtgtatcgaagtgtgttgcggagtagatgttagaatactaacAaactcgcaaggtgaatttta
>ECK120029865_dgcZp_reverse_1623879_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aacttcggatttctatgaaaatattgacgtaattttgcttttctctcgttagaatagcgcGcacaaggaactgtgaaaaag
>ECK120029294_dicBp_forward_1649597_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
attgttaactggttaacgtcacctggaggcaccaggcactgcatcacaaaattcattgttGaggacgcgataatgaaaacg
>ECK125158031_dicCp_reverse_1647876_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catagttagctaatgctaaatcgtattgactatgtttttgttaacatctatcttgttagtTatgactaacaataaaggtgt
>ECK120051380_dinBp_forward_250880_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcgttaaatgctgaatctttacgcatttctcaaaccctgaaatcactgtatactttaccAgtgttgagaggtgagcaatg
>ECK120010093_dinGp_forward_833073_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgaaaaccgaaaaatgccacaatattggctgtttatacagtatttcaggttttctcatgGcattaaccgccgcgcttaaa
>ECK120035104_dinIp_reverse_1121509_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaacaataaaaatcgtagcttcctgttgtcattaggttattttacctgtataaataaccaGtatattcaacagggggctat
>ECK120049203_dinJp_reverse_246615_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtatcccggatcgtttctgaacaaacttaataaaccattattataaaattaacatatataTttcagttaattatgtaaaaa
>ECK120015518_dinQp_reverse_3647982_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actgaaactattgcaaggacgtgctggttttataacctgcatgtactgtatgattatccaGttagctctgaggcattttca
>ECK125136360_djlAp3_forward_57268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatagcgtcagtggtgttaggcacggcattgaatgacaggtatgataatgcaaattatagGcgatgtcccacaattgaccg
>ECK120034549_dksAp2_reverse_160657_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgtcaagtgttacgtttagataattgctatccggaaaagcatctgctatttatagcggcCtcatttttcccccgaacatg
>ECK125145775_dksAp3_reverse_160751_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttaaaaaatcactgccggttacattgtagtaaagtaagtaactggttaatttacattctGgtcgcgtgcgcaaatacgct
>ECK125137252_dldp7_forward_2222082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcgaaaatggtgcaaaaaccgtagtttgccataagcatgatggagagagaaaaagaatGctcagtttattgtctgaatt
>ECK125137105_dmlRp3_reverse_1881855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgggttctcacttcctgaccatcaaaattgacaacatcaccatcctataattgactGaaaaggaattaatccccgta
>ECK120010117_dmsAp1_forward_940823_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttttgtctccctttgataccgaacaataattactcctcacttacacgtaatactactttcGagtgaaaatctacctatctc
>ECK120010410_dnaAp2_reverse_3883882_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataaatcgggaaaatctgtgagaaacagaagatctcttgcgcagtttaggctatgatccgCggtcccgatcgttttgcagg
>ECK120010407_dnaNp3_reverse_3882562_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caggaaaaactggtcaccatcgacaatattcagaagacggtggcggagtactacaagatcAaagtcgcggatctcctttcc
>ECK120010406_dnaNp4_reverse_3882348_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccgtaagatcgagcagttgcgtgaagagagccacgatatcaaagaagatttttcaaattTaatcagaacattgtcatcgt
>ECK120010490_dppAp_reverse_3707870_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggtgtaaatcccggttggctgtattgacgttttcacattctgttgacagattgtaggtcAcgaggggcattttatggagg
>ECK120010234_dpsp_reverse_848950_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attagtgtgataggaacagccagaatagcggaacacatagccggtgctatacttaatctcGttaattactgggacataaca
>ECK120009857_dsbAp_forward_4043377_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttactggctgcgacagacggcgacttttatagaacaggcaaaagttctacaagaacccccTttgcaattaacacctatgta
>ECK125136815_dsbBp6_reverse_1233147_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatgcaaatgggctggatagcaacgctttgataacaacttaccgggcatataaatgcccGgtttgccttttcgcccgata
>ECK120010208_dsdAp_forward_2479121_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctggctagtgaagcaatattgcggcgctacgctcaatgaaacatttaaatactatacgacAgcgacatttatcgcttcagt
>ECK120011037_dsdCp_reverse_2477746_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaaaacaacgcaggctgacaaacgataaaatttgcctttcacatgaggtaaattgcatcAatggagtgatttacatctaa
>ECK120010460_dsdXp_forward_2477821_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catgtgaaaggcaaattttatcgtttgtcagcctgcgttgtttttttgtccaatatcatcAggttaatcacaggggaaggt
>ECK125108717_dsrAp_reverse_2025313_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaatcattcatatggcgaatattttcttgtcagcgaaaaaaattgcggataaggtgatgAacacatcagatttcctggtg
>ECK125136605_dtpDp5_reverse_742622_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtatatttatgcaatcagacagcatattgcataaataatcagatctgtatcaaagttttaActttaaggaaacacaagcac
>ECK125136607_dtpDp8_reverse_742670_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgacgccaaaagacgcaaattgtttatatcatcacgcttcagctaatgtatatttatgcAatcagacagcatattgcata
>ECK125138002_dusAp6_forward_4261658_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcctcctgaatagtgatgctgaataacataaccccatgatatatcgataaaataatctcTacatttgaaaatgcacggta
>ECK120010118_dusBp_forward_3410246_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
ctcagaggattggtcaaagtttggcctttcatctcgtgcaaaaaatgcgtaatatacgccGccttgcagtcacagtatggt
>ECK120015437_dutp_forward_3813852_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgtttcccagccaactcaaggatttaacagcgacaacaacgcattacaccttttctggcaGgacggagataaagtcttacc
>ECK125136389_dxrp3_forward_193335_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaacgacaaagtgaaagcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgccGttctcaggacgatgtacaga
>ECK120011034_ebgAp_forward_3222551_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgctgccgtttattttcgtgatccagttaaagtaaatgcatttacctgctactttttagtAaaaattttactaaactcccc
>ECK125137289_ecop5_forward_2303797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctgctggtttgctctctcattagaatttaacactaaaagagcaggtaaaattgtctGaatgttctttaagttattca
>ECK120010269_eddp1_reverse_1934713_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttttacactttcaggcctcgtgcggattcacccacgaggctttttttattacactgactgAaacgtttttgccctatgagc
>ECK125136725_efeOp1_forward_1082243_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaatacgacgcaaactcttgcttagttacaacatactttaaagggatagtctcgtcAtgaccattaacttccgccgt
>ECK120029863_efeU_1p_forward_1081307_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttataaacattccgcttgtgtttttctttgccgtaatgataatcgctatcactgcgatttActtttctttgcatagattga
>ECK120009875_efpp_forward_4375567_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaagctttttggcgctgcgtccggctaacagtttttcctccgcgtctatattcaaaagacGcagaagttcatcaggatcgg
>ECK125137314_elaAp3_reverse_2381614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atattgccgtgacattgcgcgtgcgggttggcacaccggctgaagtacctaaaaaaattaAttccatgagttcatcacgtt
>ECK125137317_elaDp8_forward_2382654_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacacaggcatattgagcgatttttgatatttattcatctccttacgcactatattcagaGcaataagttgcctcttttca
>ECK125136694_elfAp7_forward_997808_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatttgtcacttattggatttagtatgcttgatttaaatggcggacaattattgttattAttaagtctaatgtcatttaa
>ECK125136819_emtAp4_forward_1243125_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtgaaacagagacatggcaattccttgctgacaacagaaacgaaatgtatatcatgccgCttaggtgtgccgttgtcacc
>ECK125109856_enop4_reverse_2907968_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtaaaaaagttagagcggcaacgcgtaccctgggtacgcgttgtttgtctggagtttcagTttaactagtgacttgaggaa
>ECK125109857_enop7_reverse_2908152_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctgcgcgttgcgggccgttccggggatgatcagttggtcgagatcatcgaagttccgaaTcacccgtggttcgtggcttg
>ECK120010224_entCp_forward_624831_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttgcagattgcgttacctcaagagttgacatagtgcgcgtttgcttttaggttagcgaccGaaaatataaatgataatcat
>ECK125136554_entDp2_reverse_610141_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaacgccttatccggcctacaaaaatcttgccaattcaatatattgcaggaccatgtagGcctgataagcgtagcgcatc
>ECK120009985_entSp1_forward_622258_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccatgataatgaaattaattatcgttatcgatcttatttggatatgttagcatgtgcagcCtaagaataggtatttaaaat
>ECK125137731_envRp12_reverse_3413602_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatatatattgatgtagtgaatgtatcttaggtaAataatatatattatttattt
>ECK125137733_envRp14_reverse_3413633_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctactgttttattttgacgcgggttgaaagaggcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatAtatattgatgtagtgaatgt
>ECK120010534_epdp_reverse_3073823_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatgtcttcttcggctggacaaacattccttttattccacgtttcgcttatcctagctgaAgcgtttcagtcgattaaatg
>ECK125138031_epmBp3_reverse_4375703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaggttcgccgtctaacatgattttaagaccagcacgaaaatcgttgctatagtacgttGccataaggccctctgaaatt
>ECK125137196_erfKp4_reverse_2063354_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatacgacttctgatttgaacagttaaaaacgaaaagtctgataaaagctatacttaacgGatagctttcgcgacatagga
>ECK125145769_esrEp_forward_4019978_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagggcgatattcaggtggtgcaaaacttcgttgcgctggcagatctggcagagttcgacCctgcggaactgctggcccct
>ECK120015387_evgAp2_forward_2483631_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcggtacaatccctgattttattgttgacatttcatttatgccgactatttatatggtaTacttgtcgaattatcttaaa
>ECK120009935_exbBp_reverse_3152014_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atgcaaatagtaatgagaacgactatcaattcgacgtcgttttgatattattatgcgcagAttttgtgacttgcgtcctgg
>ECK125230249_exuRp2_forward_3246618_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttctcaggcggctttttcatcactgcgagtagagctaaactcgcaaaagtggtataacAaatatagtctgccgtatcat
>ECK120011031_fabAp_reverse_1016498_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
actggtttattccgaactgatcggacttgttcagcgtacacgtgttagctatcctgcgtgCttcaataaaataaggcttac
>ECK120010355_fabBp_reverse_2441641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttctctattaaatggctgatcggacttgttcggcgtacaagtgtacgctattgtgcattcGaaacttactctatgtgcgac
>ECK120011027_fadBp_reverse_4031013_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcggcatttctttaatcttttgtttgcatatttttaacacaaaatacacacttcgactcAtctggtacgaccagatcacc
>ECK120009999_fadDp_reverse_1889807_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcttcgcaaccttttcgttgggtaattatcaagctggtatgatgagttaatattatgttAacggcatgtatatcatttgg
>ECK120010075_fadIp_reverse_2460511_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagctcccactttcccttttctccacttggctaaatgtaaaaaaatggttaagactatgaTcaggtcagaccactttattt
>ECK120049205_fadRp_forward_1234905_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccctttttcttctttttgtctgctatcagcgtagttagccctctggtatgatgagtccAactttgttttgctgtgttat
>ECK125137965_fdhEp1_reverse_4081361_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gattcgcgttaatgctgcattcatttgccgcagtggcgttaattgtggttatcatggtgcAtatctacgccgccctttggg
>ECK120010215_fdnGp_forward_1547372_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agatgttctttttgatttcgcgcaaaaagattcagaattttactgttagtttcctcgcgcAgtaatacccctgaaaaaaga
>ECK125136522_fdrAp4_forward_546506_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaaaaaaatatagttagaatttatttgataatccgctcacttttaacctgatttttaaaAcaacaacgcttattaaaaaa
>ECK125162182_feaBp1_forward_1447492_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacaaagcgaatgtcacagcgaaaaaagtgacttttcttgtcgctgcgtacactgaaatcAcactgggtaaataataagga
>ECK125162183_feaBp2_forward_1447370_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttattgttgcatttgtgttgcaataaacgaagctaatgagcctgactataggaaataAgtcttgtcaggcatagagac
>ECK125162179_feaRp1_reverse_1447349_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtgacaataaccgcttatgtctctatgcctgacaagacttatttcctatagtcaggctcAttagcttcgtttattgcaac
>ECK125162180_feaRp2_reverse_1447309_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatttcctatagtcaggctcattagcttcgtttattgcaacacaaatgcaacaataaaaaTacatttcacagagcgaaaac
>ECK125162181_feaRp3_reverse_1447394_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgctgtgacattcgctttgtcagctgtgacaagctccgcaaatcgtgacaataaccgcTtatgtctctatgcctgacaa
>ECK125138082_fecEp5_reverse_4511639_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtggccgcctgcggcccgattagctttattggtctcgtggtgccgcatatgatgcgtaGcatcaccggtggacgtcacc
>ECK120010210_fecIp_reverse_4518282_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
acaacatgttaaaaatgtctattggaaacaattttatttccaattgtaatgataaccattCtcatattaatatgactacgt
>ECK120016950_feoAp_forward_3540057_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
accaacattcgcacacattttaagtattgctgatagaaaccattctcattatcattgtgtTgttgattatttaatctctcc
>ECK120010221_fepAp_reverse_612667_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccatgtttactgtgcaatttttcattgattgcagaaatatattgataatattattgataaCtatttgcatttgcaatagcg
>ECK120010222_fepBp_reverse_624727_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ggtaacgcaatctgcaactcggggttgcatctggttgtggttacaatgaaaatgagaagcAttattgatggattcgcataa
>ECK120009987_fepDp2_reverse_622192_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acatgctaacatatccaaataagatcgataacgataattaatttcattatcatggaagttCgtatgtctggttctgttgcc
>ECK120010299_fesp_forward_612687_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttcccacggcgcgccattacgctattgcaaatgcaaatagttatcaataatattatcaaTatatttctgcaatcaatgaa
>ECK125136497_ffsp6_forward_476288_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagccttcgggaatagcggcgacgatttgccagacgcgttggggaaatgaatcttctttTtccatcttttcttcctgagg
>ECK125136498_ffsp7_forward_476422_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaccagcatctggcacgcgatgggttgcaattagccggggcagcagtgataatgcgcctGcgcgttggttctcaacgctc
>ECK120010999_fhuAp_forward_167442_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgcgtaccgcttgcgaacccgccagcgtttcgaatattatcttatctttataataatcatTctcgtttacgttatcattca
>ECK120015395_fhuFp_reverse_4605694_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttatcatttgcaagccagataaatcccttgctatcgggtaaacctatcgctatgattagcAatcattatcatttagattac
>ECK125109862_fhuFp2_reverse_4605752_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgcaacatgatttcatctctttcattgataatgataaccaatatcatatgataatttttAtcatttgcaagccagataaa
>ECK125137972_fieFp3_forward_4106432_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgggggttttttttatcctcaatttgcctgctgcttaatgcattgcagatgatttgctTccgttatactagcgtcagtt
>ECK125137973_fieFp4_forward_4106449_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcctcaatttgcctgctgcttaatgcattgcagatgatttgcttccgttatactagcgtcAgttgatagcgggagtattta
>ECK120010667_fimAp_forward_4542694_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaacttattgataataaagttaaaaaaacaaataaatacaagacaattggggccaaacTgtccatatcataaataagtt
>ECK120010503_fimBp1_forward_4540809_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacatagcatgcaagagcatggcgtttgtatggcaacgttattataattaacagttgctaCtccatttaagttcactcaga
>ECK120010668_fimEp_forward_4541871_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actggaagttaatccactgcaatctattgttatattgaatcaaatcaatgaaaatagatgTtgtcacatcagtgatatttt
>ECK120009934_fiup_reverse_841648_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaatgtatttctttttcgcgcaatgggtgatagaaaatcgctccaagtgataatgcttatCaaaattattatcactttcac
>ECK120010687_fixAp_forward_42325_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattgaaagttggatttatctgcgtgtgacattttcaatattggtgattaaagttttattTcaaaattaaagggcgtgata
>ECK120009954_fldBp_forward_3039822_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctcatttgatccattatgccttattgtgccgtgactaaagcgattctgatacactagccgCaaaagccacagcagaatcga
>ECK120016579_flgAp_reverse_1130885_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcaaaatgggtcgctatttatgccgttgatggtcattgcggacaggtacaattcacgttGtagaaatggctgggggcgaa
>ECK120016580_flgBp_forward_1130993_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gacccattttgcgtttattccgccgataacgcgcgcgtaaaggcatttaagctgatggcaGaattttgatacctgcggagg
>ECK120016702_flhBp_reverse_1966216_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcctgttttgccccttactcaaaccattgaacgctttgcgctctggcatcattcacgctTaatactctttccaggattgg
>ECK120010198_flhDp_reverse_1978395_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattgaaaatcgcagcccccctccgttgtatgtgcgtgtagtgacgagtacagttgcgtcGatttaggaaaaatcttagat
>ECK120010507_fliAp1_reverse_2001819_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cccctcatttcacccactaatcgtccgattaaaaaccctgcagaaacggataatcatgccGataactcatataacgcaggg
>ECK120010547_fliDp_forward_2003817_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttttctctgccccttattcccgctattaaaaaaaacaattaaacgtaaactttgcgcaatTcagaccgataaccccggtat
>ECK120016704_fliEp1_reverse_2013036_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgtttttttgttgctatttagcgcctttgtcttattgacttactggtaggctttgctaccAgaaattatccgggagacgag
>ECK120016705_fliFp1_forward_2013146_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acaaaaaaacgggtttattggcggatagaaaaaaacgaaagcacaaataatgggagcgtcAatttttcgagtttgctgacc
>ECK120010633_fliLp1_forward_2019584_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcaccgtaatccgcgtcttttccccgctttgttgcgctcaagacgcaggataattagccGataagcagtagcgacacagg
>ECK120009941_flup_forward_2071317_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcactgttttcgttactgtctctcttgtccgtgcaatagctcaataatagaataaaacGatcaatatctattttatcga
>ECK125108718_fnrSp_forward_1409129_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgccgcaaagtttgagcgaagtcaataaactctctacccattcagggcaatatctctcttGcaggtgaatgcaacgtcaag
>ECK120010119_fnrp_reverse_1399552_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctctgctgttaaggtttgcttagacttacttgctccctaaaaagatgttaaaattgacaaAtatcaattacggcttgagca
>ECK120010308_focAp1_reverse_954493_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agccaggcgagatatgatctatatcaatttctcatctataatgctttgttagtatctcgtCgccgacttaataaagagaga
>ECK120010309_focAp3_reverse_954814_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaatcaaatagcctacgcaatgtaggcttaatgattagtctgagttatattacggggcGtttttttaatgccccgcttt
>ECK120010276_folAp_forward_49799_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcctcaacatcatcctcgcaccagtcgacgacggtttacgctttacgtatagtggcgacAattttttttatcgggaaatc
>ECK125137622_folBp5_reverse_3204648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgattgcactcataagctgttccgttttgaaaattcgtgttcaacgatgaatctgtggAtaatacgcacatttcgccgg
>ECK120035125_folEp_reverse_2243848_[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis]_Weak
cgtggctccttgttgtgttgtttgcaatttcttcatcataccgtttattcaatgtgctgtGagtaactttcacttccgtat
>ECK120010243_fprp_reverse_4114499_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tcgattgagccttccagtccttcgggactggaatttttttgttcggagaacgaagataagGcaagtcaatcaaaacaggag
>ECK120033722_frcp_reverse_2493439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacaaatgtcgcgactctctctgattaccacgaatcaatatttatcatattcttcttttcGtcctcactacttaccatgca
>ECK120010120_frdAp_reverse_4382412_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaaaaatcgatctcgtcaaatttcagacttatccatcagactatactgttgtacctatAaaggagcagtggaatagcgt
>ECK125138034_frdDp7_reverse_4379474_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctctgctgcacaccaaaacctggtttgaactggcaccgaaagcggccaatatcattgtaaAagacgaaaaaatgggaccag
>ECK125137754_frlAp13_forward_3499835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgcgaaattttgtgatcttcctccacattacataacatcatatgttgttatattcatcAtgcattgtcatgttaccttt
>ECK125160646_frrp_forward_192814_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatagcctaataatccagacgattacccgtaatatgtttaatcagggctatacttagcacActtccactgtgtgtgactgt
>ECK120034548_frsAp_forward_256502_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caacgcctggcactgccgggcgttgttctttttaacttcaggcgggttacaatagtttccAgtaagtattctggaggctgc
>ECK120010219_fruBp_reverse_2263597_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacttttgctcataactttacggctttccttgcgtgctgaaacagaagtattatgctttCttgaaacgtttcagcgcgat
>ECK125136505_fsrp5_reverse_504852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttctctccctgacctgatttcaacgtgttgaaaaatagtatgacgcgacatcatagacaAgtctgcgtccggtgaagata
>ECK125095453_ftnAp_forward_1988682_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataattgaagtttatattttaccttttgcaaataataaaataacaaattatagtgacgccAcagcaacaaatataaccttt
>ECK120029866_ftnBp2_forward_1986799_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttatacccgttcagacgttattcttatttcagAtcatcgtcagaattgactcc
>ECK120009884_ftsAp1_forward_103561_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgatgaattgaagattcatctggttgaatatgtgccgattgcgcggtggaatgatcaacAtatggtagacgcggaaggaa
>ECK125137688_ftsHp4_reverse_3326978_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctaaccgggagatttcagacgaaagtttgaaagatgctggatatagagtatcctgacgctGtttttaacacagttgtaata
>ECK120033247_ftsKp1_forward_933138_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aagacgcgctaacacggaacaggtgcaaaatcggcgtattttgattacactcctgttaatCcatacagcaacagtactggg
>ECK120033248_ftsKp2_forward_932929_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattcaataccgctgtacaaaaacttgaagaaattcaggagtgtcatttagtatccggtgAtttcgactacctgttgaaaa
>ECK120015390_ftsKp3_forward_933218_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtaacctggtactgttgtccgttttagcatcgggcaggaaaagcctgtaacctggagagCctttcttgagccaggaatac
>ECK120011035_fucAp_reverse_2933854_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgaccgttttgataaatatttttaagagcggtcatttttaatggggttataaaaagagAacttgcagttatttactgtg
>ECK120010191_fucPp_forward_2934119_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
ctagctaataagtgtgaccgccgtcatattacagagcgttttttatttgaaaatgaatccAtgagttcatttcagacaggc
>ECK120011033_fumAp_reverse_1688440_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaaaagtcgtactagtctcagtttttgttaaaaaagtgtgtaggatattgttactcgctTttaacagggcaacggaacac
>ECK120010217_fumBp_reverse_4347348_[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis]_Weak
tataaatgcactttgcgtgccgcccgtgactacgcggcacgccattttcgaataacaaatAcagagttacaggctggaagc
>ECK125141980_fumCp1_reverse_1686654_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggcggtttttttacatggcacgaaagaccaaacatttgttatcaaatggtaaataataaGtgagctaaaagttgcttaac
>ECK120010186_furpa_reverse_710716_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acaatatttgccagggacttgtggttttcatttaggcgtggcaattctataatgatacgcAttatctcaagagcaaattct
>ECK120009914_gabDp1_forward_2791172_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcagcgacatcagcaattcctattggtgcgcatattgtcagcaaggtacaaacgctgttGgcaagccagagtaaccccgg
>ECK120049202_gadEp3_forward_3657800_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttagccatttcaaacattatcatggctgatattttccgtagtcaggtttaatgttttaaaAgtgctgtgggaaagtgaaca
>ECK125095186_gadEp4_forward_3658062_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccaattgccagcttaagtcgaaacaaggagactcgatatttaaatcggattacattttaaCtttagtaatattcttcagag
>ECK120010122_galEp1_reverse_792081_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
gattccactaatttattccatgtcacacttttcgcatctttgttatgctatggttatttcAtaccataagcctaatggagc
>ECK120015157_galPp_forward_3088255_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attacactgatgtgatttgcttcacatctttttacgtcgtactcacctatcttaattcacAataaaaaataaccatattgg
>ECK120009842_galRp_forward_2976569_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcccacgatgaaaacacgccaccccttgaaccaacgggcgttttccgtaacactgaaagaAtgtaagcgtttacccactaa
>ECK120010121_galSp_reverse_2241710_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttccattgctgtgactcgattcacgaagtcctgtattcagtgctgacaaaatagccgccAgcaagcagtcatttactgca
>ECK120010521_gapAp1_forward_1862735_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtcgcaatgattgacacgattccgcttgacgctgcgtaaggtttttgtaattttacaggcAaccttttattcactaacaaa
>ECK120010522_gapAp3_forward_1862597_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcacctaaatcgtgatgaaaatcacatttttatcgtaattgccctttaaaattcggggcGccgaccccatgtggtctcaa
>ECK120010523_gapAp4_forward_1862526_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgactgattctaacaaaacattaacaccaactggcaaaattttgtcctaaacttgatctcGacgaaatggctgcacctaaa
>ECK120010723_garPp_reverse_3274934_[IC|W|Inferred by curator],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tcattgtcgttacggcataaatgaaactcataaataacaccttccccataataataaaaaTcagcataagtacccgaggta
>ECK120010227_gatYp_reverse_2177234_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tattgtcgtttttgtgatcgttatctcgatatttaaaaacaaataatttcattatattttGaaatcgaaaacaaacgacag
>ECK120009918_gcdp1_reverse_141263_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atctgttaataaagctcgaattgtgatgacgatcacacatgttaaaacctataattaattGctactaaaatattaatgaat
>ECK120015472_gclp_forward_533907_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcggagcgggtttttttgacaaaatttgaaagttggaaaaattttccaataaatagaggtAggaataaaatggcaaaaatg
>ECK120010229_gcvAp_reverse_2942639_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagtgccgccactataggtatttgctggtagaagctcaacggacaatttataatggctcaGattaaaaaaactaataggtt
>ECK120010091_gcvBp_forward_2942696_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aatctgagccattataaattgtccgttgagcttctaccagcaaatacctatagtggcggcActtcctgagccggaacgaaa
>ECK120010677_gcvRp_forward_2599879_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagcagacagaaccgttctgattgttgtatgcatgttttttttatgctttccttaagaacAactcaccccttaaaggaata
>ECK125165390_gcvRp2_forward_2599806_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acttcccgtgaacatgggccatcctctgtgcaaacaagtgtctcaatggtacgtttggtaTggcattaaaagcaagcagac
>ECK120010228_gcvTp_reverse_3050772_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtgatgatcaattttaccttatggttaacagtctgtttcggtggtaagttcaggcaaaAgagaacgattgcgttgggga
>ECK120010334_gdhAp1_forward_1842308_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttcctgggtcatttttttcttgcttaccgtcacattcttgatggtatagtcgaaaactGcaaaagcacatgacataaac
>ECK125203423_gfcAp_reverse_1050702_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgtaacaatttccttatctttaatttgtattttgctaagatttatcttatgctcacaaGtcgtatttccagagggggat
>ECK125136710_gfcDp3_reverse_1048118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatctgcaagatcacccccgccttgcaggcgcggacaagaataacgttatggtgattAcgcctgagggtgagactgtc
>ECK125136732_ghrAp6_forward_1097824_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggttttaataagcgaaatctgctttttttgccaccgaccacggatttgttatgctggtgGcctttgtagatcataacgat
>ECK125137571_glcAp10_reverse_3121364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacttgttatgccagaggtagcaattgcgttagcggcgtactgttgctgtaaagtataacGcctatattttacagttcagt
>ECK120010636_glcCp_forward_3128206_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccagctctgtgaccttgtcttggttaactcaatgttaaattgatgtaacataatcacttaCgtgatgtgcgtgttttgcga
>ECK120010635_glcDp_reverse_3128076_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtctgaccggtagctaaagagatagacgaaaacgaaaagcccgcttaataactgttcacAgaagcagcgcgcaaaaatca
>ECK125134704_glgAp_reverse_3568392_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtggtgccggaactggatatgtacgatcgcaattggccaattcgcacctacaatgaatcaTtaccgccagcgaaattcgtg
>ECK125134703_glgBp_reverse_3573657_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taagcgcagatgtttcatgatttaccgggagttaaatagagcattggctattctttaaggGtggctgaatacatgagtatt
>ECK120010187_glgCp1_reverse_3569389_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctggggagtggcacgccattcccccattcgctggagaggataacccagtgattacggctgTctggcagggacctgcacacg
>ECK120015382_glkp_reverse_2509461_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacagggagcctgcctttccggcgttgttgttatgcccccaggtatttacagtgtgagaAagaattattttgactttagc
>ECK120010584_glmUp1_reverse_3915223_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgtccatttcacgatgaaaaaaatgtagttttttcaaggtgaagcggtttaaattcgttCtcaaattacagtcaggacgc
>ECK120010585_glmUp2_reverse_3915326_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaattaaggtactgccttaattttctgcagacaaaaggcgtgacgatggtcgaaaatggcGctttcgtcagcggggataat
>ECK125095436_glmYp2_reverse_2691340_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataatcagtacgttaccaaactattttctttattggcacagttactgcataatagtaaccAgtggctcattcaccgactta
>ECK120030810_glmZp_forward_3986432_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttatctcataacaagtgttaagggatgttatttcccgattctctgtggcataataaacgaGtagatgctcattccatctct
>ECK120010124_glnAp1_reverse_4058222_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcataaaaagggttatccaaaggtcattgcaccaacatggtgcttaatgtttccattgaaGcactatattggtgcaacatt
>ECK120010569_glnBp1_reverse_2687441_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacgagctggatgcaaacgatttcaaggaatgaattggcgttatgtgttacgtttagcagAtcaaaagacaggcgaccttt
>ECK120010159_glnBp2_reverse_2687503_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcacccacgcggcgagaatggcggggcgcaaccggacagaattttataaactgctttcccGacacgagctggatgcaaacg
>ECK125137620_glnEp6_reverse_3199801_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgccacgcctgacgcgtgatattgactcaatactgttgctggcgggttactatgatcctGtcgtcgcgcaagcctggctg
>ECK120011000_glnLp_reverse_4056371_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttctccgtcaattctctgatgcttcgcgctttttatccgtaaaaagctataatgcactAaaatggtgcaacctgttcag
>ECK120015498_glnQp_reverse_846631_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
actgcgtcgtatgctgccgccgctgggtaaccagtggatcatcagcattaaagacacctcGctgtttattgtgatcggcgt
>ECK120015424_gloAp_forward_1727801_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttacccgacgttgtaatccaacattgcgagcggcgtaaagccgccgctatactaaaacaaCattttgaatctgttagccat
>ECK125136401_gloBp5_reverse_234926_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaattgatttctgcgcttaaattgccaatcttaagcagatgaaaaccatacattttagtGaaccacgggttgagctggcg
>ECK120010125_glpABCp_forward_2352583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgttcaaaatgacgcatgaaatcacgtttcactttcgaattatgagcgaatatgcgcgAaatcaaacaattcatgtttt
>ECK120010126_glpDp_forward_3561971_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcactctaaaatgttttttcaatgttacctaaagcgcgattctttgctaatatgttcgatAacgaacatttatgagcttta
>ECK120010231_glpFp_reverse_4118161_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcacacacattttaagttcgatatttctcgtttttgctcgttaacgataagtttacagcAtgcctacaagcatcgtggag
>ECK120011001_glpTQp_reverse_2352451_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttaataatgtgtgcggcaattcacatttaatttatgaatgttttcttaacatcgcggcAactcaagaaacggcaggttc
>ECK120010020_glrKp_reverse_2691123_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caaagccgggtaattcccggctttgttgtatctgaacttcccctcggttagcatcaggctAttcgcgtctgacgagagtaa
>ECK120010173_gltAp1_reverse_754767_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatcattcaacaaagttgttacaaacattaccaggaaaagcatataatgcgtaaaagttaTgaagtcggtatttcacctaa
>ECK120010240_gltBp_forward_3354509_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acatttctgtaccaataagcttgccatttgacctgtatcagctttcccgataagttggaaAtccgctggaagctttctgga
>ECK120016706_gltIp1_reverse_687896_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IC|W|Inferred by curator]_Weak
aataggctgattcaaggcatttacgggagaaaaaatcggctcaaacatgaagaaatgaaaTgactgagtcagccgagaaga
>ECK125138011_gltPp6_forward_4294307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctttccataacaaatggttattcattaatcctgccataaactcgcgttattatgcattAatgcagcgaaaagctctgtt
>ECK125137886_gltSp3_reverse_3828691_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgatacccgtcatagttcatgaagttgccactgcgcgatgaagtatgacgagtatgaaagAgtgatgcggatacaaaggag
>ECK120010678_gltXp1_reverse_2520784_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caagatgatcgcaaaacagaccgtgttgcgcaatttgtcaacgaaaacaataatgcgtaaGgtagaaacccgaactacatt
>ECK120010680_gltXp3_reverse_2520730_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgtaaggtagaaacccgaactacattgaggaatcaggcgggagtgatagaatatcgcccActtaatttttccaggatttg
>ECK120011043_glyAp_reverse_2685574_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
cgtttgcgtaaattcctttgtcaagacctgttatcgcacaatgattcggttatactgttcGccgttgtccaacaggaccgc
>ECK120016952_glyQp_reverse_3725354_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagccctgctttttcccgtttcgtactgtatatcttccatccagcgggtatactgatcccTtcctttaaatccacacgtat
>ECK120010613_glyUp_reverse_2999064__
tcagcagtcagcagcgtggcacttgctaaggagagcgtaaggtttataatgccttacgcaTctcgaagcgggcgtagttca
>ECK120010602_glyVp_forward_4392313__
caaaaaaaacttttttggggggttgcagagggaaagatttctcgtataatgcgcctcccgTaacgacgcagaaatgcgaaa
>ECK120010609_glyWp_reverse_1992180_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tcaaaagtggtgaaaaatatcgttgactcatcgcgccaggtaagtagaatgcaacgcatcGaacggcggcactgattgcca
>ECK120048894_gmkp_forward_3821388_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgcaaaaagtgtgagcaagggctacgtcacatggccgcgccgtgtataataagctcgtAtgtaggctttatttcgctaa
>ECK120010350_gndp_reverse_2101324_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagcatataagcatggataagctatttatactttaataagtactttgtatacttatttgcGaacattccaggccgcgagca
>ECK120010270_gntKp_reverse_3577645_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttatacacttaaggcatggatggatattgcttctgatattgtccggctggacaatgttaCcgataacagttacccgtaac
>ECK120010055_gntPp_reverse_4551334_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgatcagaggatgtgacattcatcgcaacaatggttgaccaatttacataacatatcgccCaaaataacaacggttcaacc
>ECK120010048_gntRp1_reverse_3578749_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacaagcactgttttccccgggaaggttctgatgtgtccgtgttaaactaagagaatctAtctcttttgtaccttcagga
>ECK120010030_gntRp2_reverse_3578818_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcttccggggttttgccgcgtcgttagcacaatgcgatgcaattgatttagtgtatatctAataattgtaaacaagcactg
>ECK120010271_gntTp1_forward_3546405_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaaatttaccccgctctggtgattctcaaacgccagatgttacccgtatcattcacatGggtaccaaacatactcctga
>ECK120010056_gntXp_forward_3544667_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctaaccaaatggctttatcaggtgcctgttgcagcacggcttcggccatatcagcaagtgAcagcgcaccaaatccccggc
>ECK120015464_gorp_forward_3646112_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aactggcggtactgccagacagcgatcgccgtggcatgaccgcttccggcatgattgtgaTtaacccgccgtggaaactgg
>ECK120009959_gpmAp_reverse_787632_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tattttcgctatggttatgcgtaagcattgctgttgcttcgtcgcggcaatataatgagaAttattatcattaaaagatga
>ECK125109855_gpmAp2_reverse_787670_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcaactcaatattcacaacaaccttacactgcgccactattttcgctatggttatgcgtAagcattgctgttgcttcgtc
>ECK125137872_gpsAp5_reverse_3783810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgggtatcgaaggcacccagatggcgcattgcctgggagcatactgcccgaacattctgTtcccgtatgctcgtgagtgc
>ECK120034547_gptp_forward_255914_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
taaaaagacgcggactcatgtgaaatactggtttttagtgcgccagatctctataatctcGcgcaacctattttcccctcg
>ECK120009863_grcAp1_reverse_2716523_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Confirmed
tgtgtggtttttattgatttaaatcaaagattcaagggtgtttgaggagtatatatacacTcaagcaacaatggttttacc
>ECK125095452_greAp1_reverse_3328864_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acggcgcaacgccctataaagtaaacgatgacccttcgggaacttcagggtaaaatgactAtcaaaatgtgaattgtagct
>ECK125135020_grxBp_reverse_1124103_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagccagaaacgcgccgcgcgtcgtttgcttgaacgcgacgcctgatttgatactcccccCtgactccttcatactgaaag
>ECK125136745_grxBp4_reverse_1124083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgtttgcttgaacgcgacgcctgatttgatactcccccctgactccttcatactgaaaGtgaactgacagccaaatgga
>ECK125137874_grxCp2_reverse_3784576_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgtcgctggctgggctggcgaaaacttgcctttggtgcgcggcaaataatttacctGtcgtctttcatgatgcaggc
>ECK125095208_grxD_reverse_1734162_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaacaaatagagcaaagggataaaatagcaaaagcgtgatgaaaatgttattttccgatGccgcactgacccgctacaat
>ECK120030212_gspAp1_reverse_3455519_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgatgtatgttctaataaaatagattgggtgggttgtatattgacgttagtataaatagTattaatgccgcttgcatgaa
>ECK120030209_gspCp2_forward_3455527_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acatattactaatataaataaattttgcttgattcatgcaagcggcattaatactatttaTactaacgtcaatatacaacc
>ECK120010255_guaBp_reverse_2634107_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcaagcattttttgcaaaaaggggtagatgcaatcggttacgctctgtataatgccgcgGcaatatttattaaccactct
>ECK120011036_gyrAp_reverse_2339457_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggatgtgaataaagcgtataggtttacctcaaactgcgcggctgtgttataatttgcgacCtttgaatccgggatacagta
>ECK120010403_gyrBp_reverse_3880150_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
atagacatgtcggacgaaaattcgaagatgtttaccgtggaaaagggtaaaataacggatTaacccaagtataaatgagcg
>ECK120030782_hchAp_forward_2035780_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgccgactaccgctttcgatatattgactcaattttccagcctggttaaaaatagcgaccAgctcagtcgcaaatatagtg
>ECK120010051_hdeDp_forward_3656960_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
taggaaatttttattaaatcgactgcattcttagacgcgtttttggcatagattgatagcAggggattttcttcttaattt
>ECK120010322_hemAp1_forward_1263676_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attactccaaaagggggcgctctcttttattgatcttacgcatcctgtatgatgcaagcaGactaaccctatcaacgttgg
>ECK125136473_hemBp7_reverse_389861_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataataaccaacagctataaataaagattaaaaatattttcagtgaatataaaattattGctgtttctattaaaaagatg
>ECK120009943_hemFp_forward_2553205_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccacagcgattgctgaaggcgtgatcagttatttccactggttcgacaaccagaaagcacAttcgaaaaagcgataagtta
>ECK120029524_hemHp_forward_498031_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgatttgacctctcacagcaattagttcttcttcctcacttttccgctacaattatcaacAagttgaatcgataagaggcg
>ECK120010684_hemNp_forward_4051943_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctgctgataacccttccggttatatgttatctggtgtggttattcgttaaactacagcgGttgtcgcggcgacaaaagtg
>ECK120009982_hepAp_reverse_63358_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gagttcgccagataccattttgatgcgtgacgaatgctttgccatccagtaccatagcgcCctttccattcctggacctga
>ECK120010459_hflDp_reverse_1192686_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccagtctgccgtcttctataacggtgaagtgtgcctcggtggcggtattattgagcagcGtctgccgctgccggtctgat
>ECK120033702_hfqp2_forward_4399801_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
gatccacaaaggctttcccgggcactggaagtttttttcatttcgggtaaaactttaacgGaactgacgcaaacgtcagga
>ECK120033732_hfqp3_forward_4400220_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgtgacgaagtattacaggttgttggtgctatcgcaggctgaatgtgtacaattgagacGtatcgtgcgcaattttttca
>ECK125136499_hhap6_reverse_480503_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaactgattgagcatattgcgaccttcgcacttaattacaaaattaagtataatgaagAcaataagctcattgagcaga
>ECK120051381_hicAp_forward_1509221_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttccttcctgattttgcattgcattctgccgttgcggcgatttagtgctattttcgagcAaattacacacggaggtaaac
>ECK125140836_higBp_reverse_3234480_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttccgtcacacagataaattcatccgttgccaatctggcaacggatgttatcatattgccAatttgtcaacggacgtgatg
>ECK125136758_hinTp1_forward_1161821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttgcttaagaaatcgtgagttaaggttgaaagagcaggtttaactcgaccatactctAtactcgcagtgtggcgcggc
>ECK120016954_hipBp_reverse_1592482_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtagagcggataagatgtgtttccagattgacttatcctcactaaaggataaaacttataAtatccccttaagcggataaa
>ECK120010349_hisBp_forward_2093360_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcgcgctttaaagcctccagtgcggtgtttaaatctttgtgggatcagggcattatcttAcgtgatcagaataaacaacc
>ECK120030804_hisJp_reverse_2426837_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atacgtctaacggggcgggatattttgccttgatggtcaattttatggcacgataagtgtAacaaacctgtaaatattccc
>ECK120010361_hisSp_reverse_2640642_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcaggttgaaaaataataacgtgatgggaagcgcctcgcttcccgtgtatgattgaaccCgcatggctcccgaaacattg
>ECK120010201_hnsp_reverse_1292958_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttgaattccttacattcctggctattgcacaactgaatttaaggctctattattacctcAacaaaccaccccaatataag
>ECK125136354_hokCp4_reverse_16951_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatagagaaaagccccgagtgatattttaccatcaacccgaggcctcctatatgctgaacAcatgtagagtgcctcttact
>ECK125137132_holEp4_forward_1925029_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatctattcctttttgtaataacttttttacagagcataaccttgtctaatgtctgaGtcgaggatcatcaattccgg
>ECK125137134_holEp6_forward_1925086_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgagtcgaggatcatcaattccggcttgccatcctggctcactcttagtaacttttgcccGcgaatgatgaggagattaag
>ECK120009917_hptp_forward_141360_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acaattcgagctttattaacagattccgcgaatgaatagttttactggtatactgcgtgtCttgcgctttgttgcggtgcc
>ECK120010517_hscBp_reverse_2659524_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggcgaaagcttccacgtttgatgcgcataccgataaccccaccgtggtcgcctgcgcgtGgggtttgttttacctgattc
>ECK125136592_hscCp5_reverse_683482_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggtcgatgttgatcgtcagggctttgttgatttactggctgatcgtctgaaattttacGcttaacacacgtcattgatt
>ECK120029868_hslJp_reverse_1441780_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgcattccaggggagctgattcagataatccccaatgacctttcatcctctattcttaaAatagtcctgagtcagaaact
>ECK125137913_hsrAp4_reverse_3940643_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attatccaaagcgatggcgacgcggcatttaaagcttgtcaggcgctgctacgctcacctGataagtgataacccgataac
>ECK125136376_htrEp5_reverse_155438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actttggtggcgcaattgaaggtaatgccaggctgtaatcaggcaaggatataattccgcAggaagcatagcgtgactata
>ECK120010728_hupBp2_forward_461395_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcgggcttgcccttattaaggggtgttgtaaggggatggctggcctgatataactgctgcGcgttcgtaccttgaaggatt
>ECK120010729_hupBp3_forward_461332_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cagggctggcaggctaattcgggcttgccagcctttttttgtctcgctaagttagatggcGgatcgggcttgcccttatta
>ECK120010541_hyaAp_forward_1031984_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
aaaagataaatccacacagtttgtattgttttgtgcaaaagtttcactacgctttattaaCaatactttctggcgacgtgc
>ECK120010657_hybOp1_reverse_3146363_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attaattacactaatgcttcttcccttcgttttagcgccccgccgcagtatcatgatatcGataaccataataaatgtgtg
>ECK125137466_hycIp4_reverse_2843102_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attcgataaagcccgggcagcgcaaacttcgcagcagcaggaatggagtacaatgctgttAagtatgctgcatgatattca
>ECK120030663_hypFp2_reverse_2838014_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
aatgtattggttgccgtacctgtgaagtagcgtgcgtggtttctcatcaggaaaatcaggActgtgcatcgctgaccccgg
>ECK120030664_hypFp3_reverse_2838105_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
taaaaactggcatgatttgtgaatgtatcggcgcattaactgtcattgctggagaatttgAtgaaccgtttcatcattgct
>ECK125138091_hypTp4_reverse_4558317_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaggaacgtttgaaacggcttaaacggttgtcagccgcccgaatggacgtagaatgcccGcaagggcggctgacagagta
>ECK125138092_iadAp3_reverse_4559537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacggtctgcgtgattaacgcattgctgtcgatctgggttatgcagcttattgtttaacAaggagttaccatgattgatt
>ECK125137693_ibaGp4_reverse_3336983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgacgcttcagggggtaaacgacaaagtgtataccctggcgaaattgtataatttgcctGctgatgttctgcctcgttaa
>ECK125137694_ibaGp9_reverse_3336954_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtataccctggcgaaattgtataatttgcctgctgatgttctgcctcgttaaattttttcAggccggatatggcgttaacc
>ECK120010174_icdAp1_forward_1195008_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcattatagcctaataacgcgcatctttcatgacggcaaacaatagggtagtattgacaaGccaattacaaatcattaaca
>ECK120010519_icdAp2_forward_1194961_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctaaaagaagttttttgcatggtattttcagagattatgaattgccgcattatagcctaAtaacgcgcatctttcatgac
>ECK125137540_idip4_forward_3033039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgtcgataaacgctcacttggttaatcatttcactcttcaattatctataatgatgaGtgatcagaattacatgtgag
>ECK125137541_idip5_forward_3032938_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcatttctgactgtgttgcaatggccattgaaagtcgcttcaaatatatgatgctactttTttaaatggtttttacctgtc
>ECK120010038_idnKp_forward_4494597_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcttatcagtagaaataaaaaaacgtgaaattattatgccgccaggcgtagtatcgcagcAggtaagatgattcaggagat
>ECK120010052_idnRp_reverse_4491182_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gctgggcgtgttagccattaacgccgtattgcactgaaagaataaaatattgtgatgtagTttcgggggaagattgaagat
>ECK120030653_ileSp1_forward_21833_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtaggtgatgatttccgctttggcgctggtcgtgaaggcgatttcttgttattacagaaaGctggcatggaatacggcttc
>ECK120010599_ileXp_forward_3215597_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acagcaggcgcgcggtaatggctggattgcgacacggagttactttataatccgctaccaTggccccttagctcagtggtt
>ECK120010160_ilvCp_forward_3957912_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
attgcaatgtgacgttgtgaatatatcaatttccgcaataaatttcctgtcatatagtgaAttcaatctcgcaaacgcgaa
>ECK120010153_ilvIHp1_forward_85600_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgtttatgtctctggctgccaattgcttaagcaagatcggacggttaatgtgttttacaCattttttccgtcaaacagtg
>ECK120010278_ilvIp3_forward_85453_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgggctctctattttaggattaattaaaaaaatagagaaattgctgtaagttgtgggattCagccgatttattatcaattt
>ECK120010277_ilvIp4_forward_85420_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttattgaatgtagaattttattctgaatgtgtgggctctctattttaggattaattaaAaaaatagagaaattgctgta
>ECK120010418_ilvLp1_forward_3950218_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaattgaatttttttcactcactattttatttttaaaaaacaacaatttatattgaaattAttaaacgcatcataaaaatc
>ECK120010419_ilvLp2_forward_3950290_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataaaaatcggccaaaaaatatcttgtactatttacaaaacctatggtaactctttaggcAttccttcgaacaagatgcaa
>ECK120010011_impp1_reverse_57156_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gacgctattcggacaggattaacactagcgtagagatgacgagtacgttagtctctgaccGtttgtcacgcgcaacgttac
>ECK120009910_inaAp_reverse_2349499_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttcattaatacgacacgtttcattaagattttcctcaggtaaccacctatagtcattgtcGttaataaaaatgacaggcga
>ECK120016571_infAp1_reverse_926685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttcaccacaagaatgaatgttttcggcacatttctccccagagtgttataattgcggtCgcagagttggttacgctcat
>ECK120016570_infAp2_reverse_926479_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttgttgcgatttagcgcgcaaatctttacttatttacagaacttcggcattatcttgccGgttcaaattacggtagtgat
>ECK120009955_infCp2_reverse_1800818_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcgggcattcgtgttaaagcagacttgagaaatgagaagattggctttaaaatccgcgagCacactttgcgtcgcgtccca
>ECK125138083_insAp13_forward_4518442_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctctgcttctggcatgtgtcggtcagaatgactcatgatgtggtctgctattattgacAtcctcactgccctaaaggat
>ECK125138084_insAp14_forward_4518379_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatagacatttttaacatgttgtttttctaagtgttataaggtaggtataaaatgggatGgagcctctgcttctggcatg
>ECK125138074_insGp6_reverse_4503549_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaatccacataacaaaacgcgttttgttactgatgtcacaaattgagcatatttttgtaGctgatagtttgttacaaaca
>ECK125137198_insHp2_reverse_2067498_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaacctttttattcttgatgAtgtcagcgagaagatggaat
>ECK125137821_insHp3_reverse_3653268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gttgaaaataaaccttcgatttgtttgtcaagatattgtccatctttatataatttggggGtagggtgttctttatgtaaa
>ECK125137573_insHp4_forward_3130025_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcccaactatctgccccgctttttttgccacccacgcctgccagatgatatggtccgtcCccggatttttcgcagacaaa
>ECK125136542_insHp4_reverse_575774_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttcgttgattacaaaatcaacctgcttgacaaaaatgacttcactaaggaaggtgcgaAcaagtccctgatatgagatc
>ECK125137210_insHp4_reverse_2103093_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcagatgatgattacattttgtttttgaatcccgatatcatcatgaagcatgatgatttGctgacatatattaaatatgt
>ECK125136596_insHp5_reverse_689212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggataacaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttatacaaggcaAaccctgaaacagcatcagta
>ECK125136416_insHp5_reverse_275298_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcagtggcgcattttgttgtgttgtttgcatataaccttctaaacgtatggacatctAaacatccaaagaaggtttgt
>ECK125137212_insHp6_reverse_2103049_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaagcatgatgatttgctgacatatattaaatatgtcgaaagtaagcgttatgcttttaGtacattatgcctgttccgag
>ECK125138079_insIp5_reverse_4508686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattctgcaactgcgtaaggcgttaaatgaagctcgccttgagcgagatatattaaaaaAagcaactgtagattcaattg
>ECK125136352_insLp5_forward_15380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcaggcctgggtaaaaatagggtgcgttgaagatatgcgagcacctgtaaagtggcggGgatcactcccataagcgcta
>ECK125134715_intSp_forward_2466515_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgtcatggttcgcttcagatcgttgacagccgcactccatgacgggtaaaaagtggatAaaataattttacccaccgga
>ECK125095431_iraDp1_forward_4556576_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcatatcttattactaattggaatttgatgttgctatattgaggtctatattaataatGcctgtgaatggtatttttga
>ECK125134718_iraMp2_reverse_1212123_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcacaaaatctcattttgtttaacatccattgagattccttgctttaaattttattttaTataagccatcattttaatta
>ECK120030215_iraPp1_forward_401319_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gctggtaatcaaacaaaaaatatttgcgcaaagtatttcctttgtcataaaaataatactTccagacactatgaagttgtg
>ECK120009911_iscRp_reverse_2662199_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgactaaatcagtcaagtaaatagttgaccaatttactcgggaatgtcagacttgaccctGctatgcaatacccccacttt
>ECK120015164_istR-1p_reverse_3853192_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaatacgtcaaaattcgtgccgaaattgcgcgttctgcgcggaacacgtatactttcagtGttgacataatacagtgtgct
>ECK120015163_istR-2p_reverse_3853257_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actgtataaataaacagtaatatttggacaaaacgcaaactgtgatcgatactcaactatGcactaaatacgtcaaaattc
>ECK120010127_ivbLp_reverse_3853023_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctcaattttcccttgctgaaaaattttccattgtctcccctgtaaagctgtgcttgtatAaatattgttaaacacaaaac
>ECK125136406_ivyp4_forward_240319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataaattgataacaaatgctgatattggaaatatctgatttgcaaattatcgtgttatcGccaggctttaggaggttaat
>ECK120011002_katGp_forward_4133812_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgcatccgtggattaattcaattataacttctctctaacgctgtgtatcgtaacggtaAcactgtagaggggagcacat
>ECK120010094_kbaZp_forward_3278866_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatcagaaaaccattatctttcgttttatttttatctcaccatgacgcagtatcaactgAaacaaaacgaaagattaata
>ECK120010156_kblp_reverse_3792577_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgcagaagtgttaacgcgttatctcgtcgcgacctataagtttgggtaatatgtgctgGaatttgccctgtctggagaa
>ECK125137120_kdgRp9_reverse_1910140_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtaactaaccggcaaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaAcagttctgatttttataaaa
>ECK125136601_kdpEp3_reverse_721894_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttccgccaggccaggagcagacgatatttgataagtttgctcgcgggaataaagagtcgGcagtaccgggggtagggctt
>ECK120010129_kdpFp_reverse_728849_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttacaccccgcccgcagatttttgcgaaatctttgcagccagaattctacccttccggtAtcacttttaggccactggag
>ECK120010694_kdsAp_forward_1267854_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatatcagcccgtcggcggaactgttttatgaagaccttgatgaagctgataacattgagGtaatccgcaaattgctggat
>ECK120030205_kdsCp1_forward_3342226_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
catatcacctccgtgatggttgccgatggcgaccatttactcggtgtgttacatatgcatGatttactgcgtgcaggcgta
>ECK125135016_kdsCp2_forward_3342010_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgctggaagttacccgcaaaaatcttggtatgactgtcatttgcgatgacaatatgatgAttgaaggcatctttaccgac
>ECK125135017_kdsCp3_forward_3341719_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cgcccggagagcagcatggcgcgcgccgcagatgtgcatctgtgtgttaaagtagcgaaaGaagcctgtccgttagggctg
>ECK125137507_kduIp5_reverse_2984194_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatgaaacattgttttatttttaattgaaaaccctagcccatgggcatatcatccctttAtagagaaaacgaaacagtgt
>ECK125137429_kgtPp6_reverse_2725809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaactaaattcatggttaaggttgcataatgatatgcaacaaatgtataatatttccttTacaaaaaaaataaacaaaag
>ECK120010130_lacZp1_reverse_366343_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctcactcattaggcaccccaggctttacactttatgcttccggctcgtatgttgtgtggAattgtgagcggataacaatt
>ECK125165942_lapAp2_forward_1340186_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcatcaacaatgcgtgtggatgccatttcgcagacggcgcgaaaatggtactttaaaggGctattgcggtaagttgacca
>ECK125136826_ldrAp8_reverse_1269477_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgaaaaaccggaatgcactcttcattgcaaacatttcagggatgaagtgaagatgaattGagtcgtagtatccacaccaa
>ECK125137104_leuEp4_reverse_1880767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgctacagattggttagcatattcacctttaatcgcgcatgatcgaaagataattaaagAggttaatgtgttcgctgaat
>ECK120010237_leuLp_reverse_83735_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgggacgtttttattgcgtcagggttgacatccgtttttgtatccagtaactctaaaagcAtatcgcattcatctggagct
>ECK120034384_leuOp_forward_84188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcggtagttatgattagattgttttcgcaacaaaaacattatggattattatgctgtggTaaatgactcattccacggca
>ECK120010618_leuQp_reverse_4606432__
cacctctgtcgataattaactattgacgaaaagctgaaaaccactagaatgcgcctccgtGgtagcaattctttttaagaa
>ECK120010615_leuUp_reverse_3322278__
ggcgctgctggcaacgttattcttcatcatcagtctggtgctgggtaacatcaatagcaaCaaaaccaataaaggtagcga
>ECK125138114_leuVp2_reverse_4606273_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcccccccctcgcaccaaaaaccacgttgatattgctcgcactgggcgaaggtggcggAattggtagacgcgctagctt
>ECK120010603_leuXp_forward_4496386__
cgaggtgcgagcaagctggcgcttgcatggtggcgtgcgacaggtataatccacaacgttTtccgcatacctcttcagtgc
>ECK125137167_leuZp3_reverse_1992050_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagctcagttggtagagcacgaccttgccaaggtcggggtcgcgagttcgagtctcgtttCccgctccagtttaaaagaca
>ECK120010131_lexAp_forward_4257087_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctctggtttattgtgcagtttatggttccaaaatcgccttttgctgtatatactcacagcAtaactgtatatacacccagg
>ECK125230251_lgtp_reverse_2966121_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatatacatatcttttaacggtatccggcaaccagccaggtccccttgtgctattattcGcacctttggagcgcctgaaa
>ECK125137884_ligBp1_reverse_3821256_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgcgtagctgcttccgcatttgcctgtcattcactgcaataaagacgattttcaggaAgcgtcctcgcagactccgtt
>ECK125136573_lipBp3_reverse_662399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcaacgccactcatatcgagcaggttgaaacactgtatgaagaactgggcaaaatcgatAttgtccgcatggttctgtaa
>ECK125136782_litp8_forward_1198590_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgtcttacgacatgcttaccttaatcgttcccagtgtgcctatagcagatattctaaacAtgtcgataattcattacgca
>ECK125136783_litp9_forward_1198668_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatatagtatcgaacatagaaaaaactgaagattcatcttattttgtatatactacctaGcccaacaatgtagaggttaa
>ECK120010241_livJp_reverse_3599762_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgttaataaactgtcaaaatagctattccaatatcataaaaatcgggtatgttttagcAgagtatgctgctaaagcacg
>ECK120010242_livKp1_reverse_3597755_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgaattattccgccctttgtgccgttattttatgctgacaaaggcacttttttctgtttAtctatcaataaattcagaat
>ECK120010666_lldPp_forward_3777289_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcccaattaaaactcacatcaatgttgccaatacataacatttagttaaccattcattGtcattatccctacacaacac
>ECK120033254_loiPp_forward_3081892_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccttatactgagactgagcgtcgattcacctgcaaacggcgcatttttagaataatcctgAccttgtgcggaagagaaaac
>ECK125145768_lolAp_forward_937328_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aactgaaaattcagtattttcttctttcctcaagctgattattagcctggaatagagagtAgagggaactcccgatcggga
>ECK125136767_lolCp5_forward_1175399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttacccatcttgctttcgcttatatactcgtgTctttgctacagcaaccagac
>ECK120010282_lpdAp_forward_127717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagacaaatcggttgccgtttgttgtttaaaaattgttaacaattttgtaaaataccgacGgatagaacgacccggtggtg
>ECK125137675_lpoAp2_forward_3293211_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccgggcattaatcccaaaatgttgcagcaataaaccggtgtgacgagtatcctcggcgGcaatcagatcaacggcctgt
>ECK125135018_lptAp2_forward_3343299_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatcaatctggtgacgcaggatgttacctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaaCatttaactccagcggtctga
>ECK125138066_lptFp5_forward_4486188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttcgacgactcaagagaataaatgacgtttaagccatgaaacaagctaaaatcctgcAaaagacgagtttttacgggc
>ECK125138067_lptFp6_forward_4486122_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggcattggcacgtcagaacaaaatctgagaggtgaatccgttgagtataattatcttAgcgacgatttcgacgactca
>ECK120033733_lpxCp1_forward_106508_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
gctgattaagaattgactggaatttgggtttcgaggctctttgtgctaaactggcccgccGaatgtatagtacacttcggt
>ECK120010239_lrpp_forward_932328_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtactaaaaatcgatgttttgctttgacaatcccctggtgttttgcgaaaacattcgaGgaagaaaaaaaacagtattc
>ECK120029295_lspAp_forward_25014_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
tgggcgatgaattacgatttgtcctgttgacctccggcgctaccgttgcagactataacgAcgcacctgctgatgctcagc
>ECK120034947_lsrRp_reverse_1601257_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
ccatcacagatataaatgagcaagaactgaacaattgcattaaagatttaaatatgttcaAagtgaagaatgaattatgac
>ECK120011039_lysAp_reverse_2978951_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctcgcaatccggtaatccatatcatttttgcatagactcgacataaatcgatattttttaTtctttttatgatgtggcgta
>ECK120010648_lysCp1_reverse_4233539_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgaaaaatccgcatgaccccatcgttgacaaccgccccgctcaccctttatttataaatGtactacctgcgctagcgcag
>ECK120010647_lysCp2_reverse_4233616_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgttagcgtaatgttgagtgtaaacccttagcgcagtgaagcatttattagctgaactaCtgaccgccaggagtggatga
>ECK125203418_lysOp_reverse_914895_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cataacatttccttttaattgcaactttactcgtccttccgctttcagtagtgtgtcatcGcgcatttcgacttcatcttt
>ECK120010688_lysPp_reverse_2248560_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgtcttataaccgtgtatttctgccggaaggattgccaatcgtctgctacaatcgcgccTcatttttaagatggatagca
>ECK120011040_lysRp_forward_2978950_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgtggcataacaaactccagataagtgcttttttatgattacgccacatcataaaaagAataaaaaatatcgatttatg
>ECK120010589_lysTp_forward_780514__
gtgatctacatcgaaatttttgttgcgctcaagtctgaaatcagtaatatatgccgccgtTgccacgggatatcaaacaaa
>ECK120010265_lysUp1_reverse_4354805_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gatggttatttattagtgatatcaacttgaggtaagcgttagtttcgataagataaactgAgttactaatagtcgaggcag
>ECK125136965_maeAp3_reverse_1555742_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgattaaacaccattgcctgcgcaatggtgtttttgtttttatctgctttatacttgagGccgacgccctggcggtaaag
>ECK125136483_makp4_forward_410118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgataacgaattgtcggcggccttgcattgccaatccggttgtccgtctctacgctattgAtattgaaaaaaataaggaga
>ECK120010132_malEp_reverse_4246464_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cggtggggcgtaggggcaaggaggatggaaagaggttgccgtataaagaaactagagtccGtttaggtgttttcacgagca
>ECK120011041_malIp_reverse_1699228_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaattttagtgaggcataaatcacattacgcaacgataatagcgggtataagataaataaAaggtaaaacgttttatctgt
>ECK120010133_malKp_forward_4246736_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Weak
ccataaaaaagccagggggtggaggatttaagccatctcctgatgacgcatagtcagcccAtcatgaatgttgctgtcgat
>ECK120010134_malPp_reverse_3552510_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tccctgcctaatcccccgcaggatgaggaaggtcaacatcgagcctggcaaactagcgatAacgttgtgttgaaaatctaa
>ECK120010199_malSp_forward_3737470_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctgtggacttaccgctcagggatgagttttgtttggcttatcgctggcaaactgtctgaAatcgcagcaataaggactca
>ECK120011030_malTp_forward_3553024_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cagacacataaaaaaacgtcatcgcttgcattagaaaggtttctggccgaccttataaccAttaattacgaagcgcaaaaa
>ECK120010195_malXp_forward_1699313_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis]_Strong
tcgttgcgtaatgtgatttatgcctcactaaaatttgataaaacgttttatcttctcgcgCaatttactgaatccagattg
>ECK120010326_manAp_forward_1688551_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgactttttgcggctccaggttacttcccgtaggattcttgctttaatagtgggattaatTtccacattaaaacagggatt
>ECK120010247_manXp_forward_1901933_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaagttaaattacggatcttcatcacataaaataattttttcgatatctaaaataaatcGcgaaacgcaggggtttttgg
>ECK120010245_marRp_forward_1619093_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgtggcatcggtcaattcattcatttgacttatacttgcctgggcaatattatcccctgcAactaattacttgccagggca
>ECK125136442_matAp10_reverse_311460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaattccttttccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagCccaatcgaaaataattaaac
>ECK125136440_matAp7_reverse_311482_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttctaaatattgacttaaccattgaattccttttccgttcacatattgacactcatcgGgaaaaaaaacataaatttaa
>ECK125136441_matAp9_reverse_311432_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaaataattaaacttaatctCgtttaacctttattgatatg
>ECK125136437_matBp5_reverse_310797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaacctaaatcgattgccagaattgaaaattgtagtgtgaagacagtgtatacccatcgGcgtaatgctgaggccaagct
>ECK125136640_mcbAp5_reverse_842153_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaatcagcattatgcatgtcattgatttgtcttattttgtaaaaatatatcgttcaaaAaataagcacatctctgtcaa
>ECK125136799_mcrAp8_forward_1210319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaaagaaagtaaaacaacagcaacttgttgcaattttatcaataaaagtagtattgtcGtgaaaaattgattaaagatt
>ECK125137607_mdaBp5_forward_3172506_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaagactttgcacattttgctaatttcaccgtaccgctctgtgacgtactatagtcggcaAacgtctcaccttgaggttaa
>ECK125137608_mdaBp7_forward_3172407_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagaattatgaggaatggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcGgtgagtcagagtaagatcag
>ECK120010175_mdhp1_reverse_3384313_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
ctacacattcttgagatgtggtcattgtaaacggcaattttgtggattaaggtcgcggcaGcggagcaacatatcttagtt
>ECK120010486_mdoGp1_forward_1109278_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgctgaacgataccgggattctgttgtcggaatggctggttatccattaaaatagatcggAtcgatataagcacacaaagg
>ECK120009991_mdoGp2_forward_1109257_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcttaatccatgagccagcgtgctgaacgataccgggattctgttgtcggaatggctggTtatccattaaaatagatcgg
>ECK125137039_mdtKp9_forward_1743375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggggtaagaatggctattttttcactggagaattaataaatcctcgctacaatagactGaatttcccctgcttcttctt
>ECK120010194_melAp_forward_4341887_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tgggaatgctcaacctggaagccggaggttttctgcagattcgcctgccatgatgaagttAttcaagcaagccaggagatc
>ECK120010135_melRp_reverse_4341650_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agggtgaaaaccgtgctcccactcgcagtcatcctccctcactcctgccataattctgatAttccaggaaagagagccatc
>ECK120009850_menAp_reverse_4120406_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catctggatgcgttggtggcagatgaagatctgagccgttttatcctataatcgcgttcaAtcattttcatcattgtttga
>ECK120010090_menBp_reverse_2376887_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctggcggcggaactggctgccgactgccatgtcattcctcgcgccggacataacgcgcatCgggaaaatcccgctggcgta
>ECK120010062_metAp2_forward_4214159_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgagcggcgaatactaataaccattttctctccttttagtcattcttatattctaacgtAgtcttttccttgaaactttc
>ECK120010434_metBp_forward_4128636_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagaagtttagatgtccagatgtattgacgtccattaacacaatgtttactctggtgcctGacatttcaccgacaaagccc
>ECK120011042_metCp_forward_3152075_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgcgcataataatatcaaaacgacgtcgaattgatagtcgttctcattactatttgcatActgccgtacctttgctttct
>ECK120011003_metFp_forward_4132546_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcctcaccatcattggtcatttttcggttgacgcccttcggcttttccttcatctttaCatctggacgtctaaacggat
>ECK120034265_metGp_forward_2194269_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttacctgaagaatatagagaagtacttacttaacattttcccatttggtactatctaacCccttttcactattaagaagt
>ECK125203415_metGp2_forward_2193758_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcgcccaacattgttgggattgatgggccgtagatatcggcgtccagaatgccgactttCgccccttctgccgccagcgc
>ECK120011004_metHp_forward_4223783_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
acaaatctcatgttgcgtggtggtcgcttttaccacagatgcgtttatgccagtatggttTgttgaatttttattaaatct
>ECK125140843_metHp2_forward_4223505_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtgggtcgtggaattgggtaacccggcttgttgcgccagttccgtgagtgccacactgcCattggattcggcaatccact
>ECK120010432_metJp2_reverse_4128529_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catctaaacttctttgcgtatagattgagcaaatcccaaatagccgttaaaattatatgcAttatcacgccgacaggtgca
>ECK120010431_metJp3_reverse_4128466_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcacgccgacaggtgcattacacgatgtcacggtaacgcctgtacggtaaactatgcggGtttacggtcagtacccacat
>ECK120009903_metKp_forward_3086577_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gattcaaaaaaaagtggaaatagggtgaagaattgacctaaaatagccatccagatgttaAtccatccataccgattaaca
>ECK120009925_metNp_reverse_222714_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[ICA|W|Inferred by computational analysis],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaagtgctcttcgcataaacctgattgatttagacgtctggatgccttaacatccatttcAttgacggcgttgcccgtttc
>ECK120010604_metTp_reverse_697163__
caattttccttgaaaaagaggttgacgctgcaaggctctatacgcataatgcgccccgcaAcgccgataaggtatcgcgaa
>ECK120010387_metYp1_reverse_3318297_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggtacaccaaatcccagcagtatttgcattttttacccaaaacgagtagaatttgccacGtttcaggcgcggggtggagc
>ECK120010614_metYp2_reverse_3318375_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cattcacatgattagcaataaacgttgacaaaatgtggcgtggatcactataatgcctgcAgattttacgtcccgtctcgg
>ECK120010597_metZp_forward_2947382_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tccgtgatcggggtaaaaaaaaggttgcatgaaaacgcgagcggagtatagtgcgcatccAcggacgcggggtggagcagc
>ECK120009920_mfdp1_reverse_1174028_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcgccccagccggggcgattcaatttgctaaaccatgtcgattacggataatgaacagcAttgcttatcagagatatgcc
>ECK120009921_mfdp2_reverse_1173992_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgtcgattacggataatgaacagcattgcttatcagagatatgcccccatatgttgaggcAtatcctaacgagaatctgac
>ECK120015495_mglAp_reverse_2239391_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtgcggctgatggcaccaactggaaaatcgacaacaaagtggtccgcgtaccttatgttGgcgtagataaagacaacctg
>ECK120010226_mglBp_reverse_2240566_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Weak
cgctttcaatctgtgagtgatttcacagtatcttaacaatgtgatagctatgattgcaccGttttaacgttgtaacccgta
>ECK125108719_mgrRp_reverse_1622914_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attaaccgagtttaagctccgtttaacattcattgagaaaactgatgctactgtgtcaacGattcgttatcagtgcaggaa
>ECK120010639_mgtAp1_forward_4467363_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagcaatgggtaaagtctggtttatcgttggtttagttgtcagcaggtattatatcgccaTagatgctacgaatattattg
>ECK120009930_mgtAp2_forward_4467280_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atctttgatggtcagccgattttgcatcctgttgtcctgtaacgtgttgtttaattatttGagcctaacgttacccgtgca
>ECK120009928_mhpAp_forward_368519_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctggtgcacattcgggcatgttttgattgtagccgaaaacacccttcctatactgagcgCacaataaaaaatcatttaca
>ECK120009929_mhpRp_reverse_368528_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaatgtcgttgcgcgcacagtacagcgcaacttattttgttaaaaacatgtaaatgattTtttattgtgcgctcagtata
>ECK120033730_miaAp1_forward_4399052_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tttacccttacgccaacaaaatttacaaatcttgattcctgaactgataggctacctggcGaagcagtccgtattcgaacc
>ECK120022366_micCp_forward_1437121_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagataatacatacaaaataaaaattatacttttaatttgctatacgttattctgcgcggGttatatgcctttattgtcac
>ECK120010351_micFp_forward_2313084_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagtatttgacagcactgaatgtcaaaacaaaaccttcactcgcaactagaataactcccGctatcatcattaactttatt
>ECK120010771_mlcp1_reverse_1668603_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttaatcacatgcctaagtaaaaatttgacgacacgtattgaagtgcttcaccatagcctAcagattatttcggagcgcga
>ECK125122037_mlrAp_forward_2214840_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagatgcacaaaaaacgggcaaaactacctggttcgcaaaactgcgtctaaagttaaaccGggacctcgcgagcaagggtg
>ECK125137248_mlrAp6_forward_2214749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgtttaactttctttgaactcttgcagaaaaatgagaattcgtgagtacgatcactcAaaatcgcctggcaaaaataa
>ECK125137496_mltAp6_reverse_2947273_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgatcacggatttggcatgattttgaacaaaaacaaatcactaaagcctattttttgtGcaaaatttgcgtcagggaga
>ECK125136399_mltDp3_reverse_234025_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattgcaacaacctgaagagcgttttgcatggttaaggtcaaagaaagataggttctgatAaaactttcttgtcatcggct
>ECK125136400_mltDp4_reverse_233982_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaagataggttctgataaaactttcttgtcatcggctccgttcgccgttatgatcggtcGtcttttaagcaactattgac
>ECK120016184_mltFp_forward_2695767_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtttacgcaaaatgccgctcatttatgagtaaacctttcactattattacgttttttcaAgctgggacgcgcacgacaca
>ECK125136419_mmuPp5_forward_275287_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgcgtctggtgcagggttgactttgcattctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttCtttggatgtttagatgtcca
>ECK120010502_mngRp_reverse_765926_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cattatgtgatcaatttcacttgattgaaattatttgtattgtatttgtattatttacagGatgaatttatcgggcataat
>ECK120015467_mntHp_reverse_2512734_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaccacaatccatttaaatgaatttgataatcattctcgtttggcatagcatgaaacatAgcaaaggctatgttttagag
>ECK125140756_mntPp_forward_1905459_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcaatgaaataatatattccaacagttgttttatattctcaaaatatgttaaggttgcGccctcatttggggagtagcc
>ECK125136648_mntRp4_forward_853135_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatagctattgctaaaacgttaattttttgtaccttcgcaactctggtttacaatgtgcGcacgaaatgagaacgctatg
>ECK125136649_mntRp5_forward_853083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgatccttgagggatgattgcattacatacagatatagcacaggctatattatatagctAttgctaaaacgttaattttt
>ECK125137536_mocAp9_forward_3015056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgggacgtttctgcgcacctaaatcaatgactaatgccgatgggtcaactatacttttcAcgagtctttatgacctctct
>ECK120010716_modAp_forward_795062_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctcacaaaggttagcaataactgctgggaaaattccgagttagtcgttatattgtcgcctAcataacgttacattaagggg
>ECK120009998_moeAp_reverse_866394_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acccagcgctacgcccgaggtggcatacagtctgtggcgtttttctgacataataggcaaAttcgattttgcctccgcagg
>ECK125136925_mokBp3_forward_1492305_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgaaaataatcacttcacgaaattgcgtgctgttttccagaatttttcgtcattcgggTtagccagtttagccattcgt
>ECK120015463_molR_1p_forward_2196445_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
agttgttttcttgcgattttgtctctctctaacccgcataaatactggtagcatctgcatTcaactggataaaattacagg
>ECK125136874_mpaAp2_reverse_1390637_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgatacaagatcgatgacatagcgttgaagaaaaggatttgataatccgcaaaatttgcAcaacactgcctgtaatactt
>ECK120009849_mplp2_forward_4455760_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaattacggattatcctgaaatgcgtttctcacttgcccgacatatgcgtaaaatgagcgGcagattaaaaaaggatagtg
>ECK125136881_mppAp13_forward_1393121_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaccgcattttggagactattatttacactaaatctgatttgatatattgatacttaaaAcatttgatgcttcctttgtc
>ECK125136880_mppAp9_forward_1393139_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatttacactaaatctgatttgatatattgatacttaaaacatttgatgcttcctttGtcacttttttgatggaagtt
>ECK120010556_mprAp_forward_2810747_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaatcatttttctaaaacaatacatttactttatttgtcactgtcgttactatatcggctGaaattaatgaggtcataccc
>ECK125137292_mqop5_reverse_2306858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccttcatttctaataaccctataattaatcaacgaaattataatgtttctaaaattagaAtataatttataaacattatt
>ECK125137598_mqsAp8_reverse_3168289_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctggcaggatgtttacagacccaggcttgttacaggccaggtttatcttaaaattacgGtaattcatgacgtactgatc
>ECK125137599_mqsAp9_reverse_3168371_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgatggtatgtgtaatgttatcattggattatcagagagcgacttttataaaagcatGaccacctactctgatcatac
>ECK120051399_mqsRp_reverse_3168653_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaactggcgctactaatgcgccactttcttatatggtcaatcactttccttaaagaataCgttttgtgtggtcactatct
>ECK125095449_mqsRp2_reverse_3168562_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aactaaccttttaggtgctttttcattgctgtaattaaccttttaggttataactaaagtAacagggaggcgggggttatg
>ECK120009845_mraZp_forward_89596_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatgccttgtgactggcttgacaagcttttcctcagctccgtaaactcctttcagtgggaAattgtggggcaaagtgggaa
>ECK120011130_mreBp1_reverse_3401129_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaccgtagcagatgatttttgcgccttgtcgctgctgcgtgtggttggtaaagtaagcGgattttcttttccgccccag
>ECK120030647_mreBp3_reverse_3401356_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atattcacaaagatactcggtttaacctgccgtttaatccgttttcacgtagaataatgcGcgctgcgtctcatgggagtg
>ECK125137723_mreDp2_reverse_3399083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgatgacgccggaagaggtgcatcgtgttgctaatgaacgtctgatgcagatgatgccgcAggtattgccttcgccagacg
>ECK125203414_mrpp_reverse_2194203_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atagtaccaaatgggaaaatgttaagtaagtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcAgctgatggtttatctataca
>ECK125137090_msrBp6_reverse_1862464_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agatcaagtttaggacaaaattttgccagttggtgttaatgttttgttagaatcagtcacGtaatgtgagcacgattaaag
>ECK125137695_mtgAp4_reverse_3349831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcatatatgctggcgcagaacattgcagaagcggcgagcggcattgataagctggtttCccgcgtgctggttctggctg
>ECK120010246_mtlAp_forward_3772188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgatatcacacaaaaggccgtcgactggacagttaaccgattcagtgccagatttcgcagTatctacaaggtccggctacc
>ECK120030650_mtnp_reverse_179183_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgccatgtcctctcccgcgtgagaaatacgcttccccgtaagcgcatggtaaactatgcCttcaaatcgggcttatcgcg
>ECK120011032_mtrp2_reverse_3305860_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttttaccatcggggctttttttctgtcttttgtactcgtgtactggtacagtgcaatgcAtaacaacgcagtcgcactat
>ECK125137626_mugp6_reverse_3215496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaccgcgcgcctgctgtttttataaacaatgtattttcaatccgttatacttttcctGgtgatgttagaaaggagtaa
>ECK120035117_murQp1_forward_2545733_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgagtgtagactcaatgattcctttaagcctgtcaattcgggatatatgattccatacAtctgcaattatttgatcgta
>ECK120035116_murRp_reverse_2545793_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacatttccagcgtcgatacgcggtcaatttcagccgaggcggtgttcgagccttcagtAatcatcttttcaaattgcat
>ECK125137501_mutHp7_forward_2969614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctaaaaagcaatataaatcagagaattgaacaacgcatgtggaaaaagttacactgcgaAtattcggcacataattgctg
>ECK120033728_mutLp1_forward_4397100_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agccaggcggtgctggatttacagttcggtcattcccagcgggtagggtatgatgtagcgAccagtatgatcagtcagttg
>ECK120011044_nadBp_forward_2710357_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttttctcgccgccctgcgtcagcgtgtttagcaactgtaacaaatattaaaatagcaggTgtttatccgcacaacatgat
>ECK120034946_nadEp_forward_1822302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catattcttgttcatattccgtcctcttgtttatcagcgtgttagataagcctggaatacAttgggcgctttttcaagccc
>ECK125137443_nadKp2_forward_2750763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcatgaatttctccgcgtttttttcgcattcatctcgctaacttcgcttattatggggAtcagtttcagggtttcaagg
>ECK120010137_nagBp_reverse_703708_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatcgttattatcactcccttttactggctaaaccagaaaacttattttatcattcaaaAaatcaggtcggattgacgcc
>ECK120033606_nagCp1_reverse_701865_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgccagcaggtgccaacattgaacagttcatttttgcgggtaaaacaatatactaccgtaAcggactttgtgtggatgaga
>ECK120033607_nagCp2_reverse_702008_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
acctggcctggcgggcgcgatcctcgacgaagctgacatttattgcggtattattgctgaTggcctgcatgttgattacgc
>ECK120010015_nagEp_forward_703840_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actcacaaaagacacgcgtttaatttgcgatacgaattaaattttcacacactctgtagcAgatgatctaacaatctgatt
>ECK125136769_nagKp3_forward_1178540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgttgctgagtcttttggcaagttggtatccggcgcggcgcgccagtaatattgacccTgcgcgagtccttagcggcca
>ECK120009897_nanAp_reverse_3373620_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatcgcattataagctttctgtatggggtgttgcttaattgatctggtataacaggtatAaaggtatatcgtttatcaga
>ECK125137706_nanRp10_reverse_3374676_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaaaaatatgcgcttatgattattttgtaagaacacattcataatattcataatgctcGtgaatagtcttataaataat
>ECK125137705_nanRp9_reverse_3374703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaattgtaggtgaggtgatttttcattaaaaaatatgcgcttatgattattttgtaagAacacattcataatattcata
>ECK120010630_napFp1_reverse_2303574_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acaggttttaccccgatcggggtatgcatctttgacacatcctttaatatcttagcggctAtaaaaatggcttattaatta
>ECK120011005_narGp_forward_1279807_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tccccatcactcttgatcgttatcaattcccacgctgtttcagagcgttaccttgcccttAaacattagcaatgtcgattt
>ECK120011006_narKp1_forward_1277932_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttatcttatcgtttgatttacatcaaattgcctttagctacagacactaaggtggcagacAtcgaaacgagtatcagaggt
>ECK120015955_narKp2_forward_1277821_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgctttacatcggtaagggtagggattttacagcaccgtgaaaaatctcataatttttatGaagtcactgtactcactatg
>ECK120009939_narUp1_reverse_1544124_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttcttatctattctttcaatcagcacttcacccaattcatccttaattctaataactggCtattgcgccttacctcgtgt
>ECK120015471_narZp_reverse_1542690_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
agtgtttttaatcttctacatcgtttgtgtgctgctgacctggctggtttatggtcggcgGaagttcagccaaaaataaga
>ECK120010216_ndhp_forward_1165992_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacttgattaacatcaattttggtatgaccaatgcaccattcatgttattctcaatagcgAagaacattttcattgctgta
>ECK125137405_ndkp4_reverse_2644960_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaatagtctgttttgtccctgattgttgctaaaactcattttattttaaaaaaatgttAccttcatcaatagtcaacgg
>ECK120034939_nemRp_forward_1726021_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttaatgtccaaagtagcaactttgcttgcactagaccgactggtctactacactccaacGcatgaacaaacacaccgaac
>ECK120010244_nfop_forward_2250806_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attcaaagcgtcatcgcataaaccactacatcttgctcctgttaacccgctatcattaccGttttcctccagcgggtttaa
>ECK120010037_nfsBp_reverse_605453_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gaaatctatagcgcatttttctcgcttaccatttctcgttgaaccttgtaatctgctggcAcgcaaaattactttcacatg
>ECK120010251_nhaAp1_forward_17458_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattattcctacactataatctgattttaacgatgattcgtgcggggtaaaatagtaaaaAcgatctattcacctgaaaga
>ECK125136816_nhaBp7_reverse_1234767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
catctctttccccttgactatcaagacttgcctcactcctgcctgaccgttaagctttgcGtttaaacataaaaacatcat
>ECK120011007_nirBp_forward_3493987_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ataaaggtgaatttgatttacatcaataagcggggttgctgaatcgttaaggtaggcggtAatagaaaagaaatcgaggca
>ECK125137062_nlpCp5_reverse_1792760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcgaccatctgatttcattagtatcttgaaaatcgggtaattacgacgctaaattaatgcAagaataaaaaacagaggaac
>ECK120010530_nlpDp1_reverse_2868829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgaggaaatacctggatttttcctggttattttgccgcaggtcagcgtatcgtgaacatCttttccagtgttcagtaggg
>ECK120010531_nlpDp2_reverse_2868782_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtatcgtgaacatcttttccagtgttcagtagggtgccttgcacggtaattatgtcactgGttattaaccaatttttcctg
>ECK120015394_nohAp_reverse_1636603_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cataattgattatttgacgtggtttgatggcctccacgcacgttgtgatatgtagatgatAatcattatcactttacgggt
>ECK120010138_nrdAp_forward_2344755_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcctgagttatccacaaagttatgcacttgcaagagggtcattttcacactatcttgcaGtgaatcccaaacataccccc
>ECK120010044_nrdDp_reverse_4462838_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaaaaaagctcaaacatccttgatgcaaagcactatatatagactttaaaatgcgtcccAacccaatatgttgtattaat
>ECK120009855_nrdHp_forward_2800656_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccactatttgctatatattgtgtggttgaatcttttttcaactacatctagtatctctgtAtcaacagagagacaacccga
>ECK120033028_nrdRp_forward_432977_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctttatctcaaaagcgttgcgcctttgttgtatcgtcagttcagggtaaaatagatttccGttaaccacctggtcaggacg
>ECK120010250_nrfAp_forward_4287671_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
atgcacttacaattgattaaagacaacattcacagtgtggttatttgttacacataggggCgagcaatgtcatgacagtgt
>ECK120015433_nudBp_reverse_1948674_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgaaatcattcgcgttgcatcgaggcggcaactgagtgaactcccatgagcatagataacTatgtgaatgggatgagcgaa
>ECK125137985_nudCp2_forward_4196719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttagcctcatgtacgattctttgccaggcttaatgccaaccagattgtagtaagccacGagcagatgcttacgtacatg
>ECK125137759_nudEp6_reverse_3526246_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaaattcctggagttatttcaacctattgacttttaatttgatttgaggacgattatttAttaagttacataaatgtaaa
>ECK125137308_nudIp3_forward_2364525_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcatcgcaaaagagattactgtcactttcacatatttgtgagttaccgtattctcatgGtttctttttatttataagga
>ECK120010535_nuoAp2_reverse_2405162_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atagaaaggagtaaaaaaccacatcaattagctgtataaaagaatttctacagtgattgtAaggttttttttattcctccc
>ECK125137331_nuoNp1_reverse_2391717_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttatctctacctttgggctggtctttgcatctgtttattcgctggcgatgttacatcGcgcttacttcggtaaagcga
>ECK120010207_nupCp_forward_2513009_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acgtcattatagtgtgtgtcagatctcgttttccttaaccatgttacatagaatgtgcacGgaaatttaacctgcctcata
>ECK120010192_nupGp_forward_3105651_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttgcaattatttgccacaggtaacaaaaaaccagtccgcgaagttgatagaatcccatcAtctcgcacggtcaaatgtgc
>ECK125137231_ogrKp5_reverse_2167548_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgagtgatgtttttattttatctgtttgttttgtaagggtaaattaactaaaatggcaccAtcaacaaaaccggaagaggt
>ECK120032971_ohsCp_forward_2700518_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttatgctaaagattgcaagttgcttgtaaaagataagtacactgatccataatcgctgTtgttgagggtgcatgctgca
>ECK120010139_ompAp1_reverse_1020191_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttttttcatatgcctgacggagttcacacttgtaagttttcaactacgttgtagactttAcatcgccaggggtgctcggc
>ECK120010140_ompCp1_reverse_2312830_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttaaaagttttagtatcatattcgtgttggattattctgcatttttggggagaatggacTtgccgactgattaatgaggg
>ECK125136907_ompNp4_reverse_1436984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttattatcatttcagaggaattatttgattaaggttttacttaaggcgtaacaaatgatAtttatcggctaactgaactt
>ECK125136908_ompNp6_reverse_1437058_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcagaataacgtatagcaaattaaaagtataatttttattttgtatgtattatcttcgAtacattcaccagacttatta
>ECK120010663_ompRp1_reverse_3536707_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taacgtgatcatatcaacagaatcaataatgtttcgccgaataaattgtatacttaagctGctgtttaatatgctttgtaa
>ECK120010235_ompRp2_reverse_3536685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcaataatgtttcgccgaataaattgtatacttaagctgctgtttaatatgctttgtaacAatttaggctgaaattcatac
>ECK120010664_ompRp3_reverse_3536639_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atatgctttgtaacaatttaggctgaaattcataccagatttagctggtgacgaacgtgaGcttttttaagaatacacgct
>ECK120010665_ompRp4_reverse_3536755_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatctcgttgattccctttgtctgtttgataatgcgcacattgggtataacgtgatcatAtcaacagaatcaataatgtt
>ECK120034941_ompXp1_forward_850209_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atacccaatgctggttgagcatttgttgaaaaaattttcccccgttttgactaaaatgcgCcaggattgatggaatcatta
>ECK125138111_opgBp7_reverse_4599494_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacatcgcatttttttgacactagaattgcagcaatatggcgacgccattacattgtgctTctcaaaaagcttaaacgttg
>ECK125136931_opgDp7_forward_1496682_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgctttaaaatctgaccatccgcctttgcaaaaatttgcctgattttacaaacgaatcAggctcatcccatcgacataa
>ECK125136933_opgDp9_forward_1496776_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatgcatattctctcagttcaacaattggattattaataaatattgtctagagtgagcgGtcataaataagcactttctt
>ECK125138036_ornp5_forward_4391584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtcgcccctgatgggcaaaacatctatgatacacgcaattgtggatcaatatagtcactGtgaatgggtggaaaatagca
>ECK120010476_osmBp2_reverse_1343369_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgcgagcagatttcacggaataatttcaccagacttattcttagctattatagttatagAgagcttacttccgtgaatca
>ECK120010488_osmCp1_forward_1556596_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gccggattttattcggaatatcctgcttatcctcgtgctgtttctcacgtagtctataatTtcctttttaagcccacagga
>ECK120010487_osmEp_reverse_1822283_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagcggagccgtttcgttcacgggcttgaaaaagcgcccaatgtattccaggcttatctaAcacgctgataaacaagagga
>ECK120010473_osmYp_forward_4611153_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgcttatgttttcgctgatatcccgagcggtttcaaaattgtgatctatatttaacaaaGtgatgacatttctgacggcg
>ECK125109032_oxySp_reverse_4158394_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
taggtagaatagcaatgaacgattatccctatcaagcattctgactgataattgctcacaGaaacggagcggcacctcttt
>ECK120010709_paaAp_forward_1453865_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccgtcacagttcaaacatacaaaatttgtgattttacttaactattgtgtaactttcaTaaaacaatgtgattcgtgtt
>ECK120010753_paaXp_forward_1463509_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggccctggtggggtaaagcgccagggccagaagtcgatacgacctgtgctatgattcataAatcacaacaataacaacaga
>ECK120010393_pabAp1_reverse_3490851_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ctgcagatgatatttagcaaagtggtaagcgaagccggggaatctgagtaaaatagcgcgGttcttttgtaccggagccgc
>ECK120034550_panBp_reverse_149630_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggcagtgctgctacggataaatcattgcccccaccaatgtgactgataaaatgccagacAgcacaacatcaatttatcag
>ECK125136374_panCp4_reverse_148910_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatcctcgtgatgcacgacgcctttggtattaccggcggtcacattcctaaattcgctaAaaatttcctcgccgaaacgg
>ECK125203426_panDp2_reverse_146754_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gctgacgcaaatgccgtcagatgagtagacactaaacaaaaatcgggcaatactgcgtgaGaatttcctcaaagcaggcat
>ECK125137596_parCp4_reverse_3166030_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgtccggcggcgctattcacgttgatctcctgtgactcgacgcggcagataatgtagtAtctccggcaatattgcccct
>ECK125137253_pbpGp5_reverse_2225066_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctggcgattggcgtgctggtactggaagtgctgctcgccctaaccgttatactatgggGctacggttatcgtttgttct
>ECK125137254_pbpGp7_reverse_2224941_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagcatttcctcacgattctcctttgacgatcgcactttttgctcgttatgatggcgtcGctagcctcagtaaatcctta
>ECK120010202_pckp_forward_3532679_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gatttaaccttttgagaacattttccacacctaaaatgctatttctgcgataatagcaacCgtttcgtgacaggaatcacg
>ECK120016348_pcnBp1_reverse_159151_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caacattctcaaatgcgtcatgctgagctatgattagccgctatttttttgtcctgaatgAtgtttgacactaccgaggtg
>ECK120016349_pcnBp2_reverse_159195_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaactggcggcttaccgccgtgcccgagtcggcaattgtaaattcaacattctcaaatgcGtcatgctgagctatgattag
>ECK120009927_pcnBp3_reverse_159171_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgagtcggcaattgtaaattcaacattctcaaatgcgtcatgctgagctatgattagccgCtatttttttgtcctgaatga
>ECK120010280_pdhRp_forward_122034_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcatgatttcaatcaaaacctgtatggacataaggtgaatactttgttactttagcgtcAcagacatgaaattggtaaga
>ECK120049221_pepAp2_reverse_4486112_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtttcatggcttaaacgtcatttattctcttgagtcgtcgaaatcgtcgctaagataattAtactcaacggattcacctct
>ECK120026311_pepDp3_reverse_255737_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctgtcttgtgttgacaacattttctgctaaccctgtgacctgcaatactgttttgcgggTgatcgacaaggagacttaac
>ECK125109852_pfkAp1_forward_4107522_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tactatttgcacattcgttggatcacttcgatgtgcaagaagacttccggcaacagatttCattttgcattccaaagttca
>ECK120010770_pfkAp2_forward_4107474_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
accgccatttggcctgacctgaatcaattcagcaggaagtgattgttatactatttgcacAttcgttggatcacttcgatg
>ECK125199579_pflAp_reverse_951154_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggccttttttagcgcgagagccttttttgtcagctatctatactttaaggtgactgccaAaacagactcgacgtagcctt
>ECK125136684_pflAp8_reverse_951228_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcactcaatctatgtaattagatttgactgaaatcgtacagtaaaaagcgtacaataaagGctccacgaaagtggggcctt
>ECK125137981_pflDp3_forward_4143953_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctgacgccattatgagcaaaattgaagctcacctggcgcaaaccgcttaagttcttctCccgctcgcaagggcgggttc
>ECK120010649_pgip_forward_4233722_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acattacgctaacggcactaaaaccatcacatttttctgtgactggcgctacaatcttccAaagtcacaattctcaaaatc
>ECK120015412_pgkp1_reverse_3072857_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gaagtcaacctgttgctgcaaaaagcagcacaaggtgcatttcatggtatagttgactatAcggaattgccgttggtctct
>ECK125109854_pgkp3_reverse_3072735_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cacccaaacccgggtcagtggcgcacacctgatcaaaacgttggtctggtgcgataacgaAtggggctttgctaaccgaat
>ECK125165943_pgpBp_forward_1339309_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggaatggcacaaatctgtcaatttttcctggaactggcgttttcagttatgattgtgggActtatcaaaaaggagaggcc
>ECK125136859_pgpBp4_forward_1339235_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgctggttctgtattggcttattttgccataacgagaaggggttcacctaatcacgacGcgtcgatcgttcacggaatg
>ECK125136861_pgpBp6_forward_1339162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcaggaaatcgccccatggggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgAaattctccagataatgctgg
>ECK120010366_pheLp_forward_2737579_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgcgccttcgggcgcgttttttgttgacagcgtgaaaacagtacgggtactgtactaaAgtcacttaaggaaacaaaca
>ECK120015419_phePp_forward_601929_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cccgtttaaccgtgtggattgtgtcttgcgacgatgggcactaaatgttaaaaggtgcccCtcaacaaaaaagacacacag
>ECK120010617_pheUp_reverse_4362627__
aatcgcttttactgaaattaggttgacgagatgtgcagattacggtttaatgcgccccgtTgcccggatagctcagtcggt
>ECK120010598_pheVp_forward_3110365__
gcagtaaattgaagaaatttgattgacgagacgaggcgaatcaggtttaatgcgccccgtTgcccggatagctcagtcggt
>ECK120010252_phnCp_reverse_4325206_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgaattcccgttaactcttcatctgttagtcacttttaattaaccaaatcgtcacaatAatccgccacgatggagccac
>ECK120011010_phoAp_forward_401707_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
aaagttaatcttttcaacagctgtcataaagttgtcacggccgagacttatagtcgctttGtttttattttttaatgtatt
>ECK120011011_phoBp_forward_417101_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_Weak
tgaagatatgtgcgacgagcttttcataaatctgtcataaatctgacgcataatgacgtcGcattaatgatcgcaacctat
>ECK120011028_phoEp_reverse_260158_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttaagaatattattaatctgtaatatatctttaacaatctcaggttaaaaactttcctGttttcaacgggactctcccg
>ECK120010317_phoHp1_forward_1084865_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacacagcttttttcatcactgtcatcactctgtcatctttccagtagaaactaatgtcActgaaatggtgttttatagt
>ECK125134711_phoUp_reverse_3907665_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ggctgcgcgttgttccgaccacacggcgtttatgtacctgggcgaattgattgagttcagCaacacggacgatctgttcac
>ECK125137910_phoUp2_reverse_3907646_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacacggcgtttatgtacctgggcgaattgattgagttcagcaacacggacgatctgttcAccaagccagcgaagaaacaa
>ECK125136796_pinEp1_forward_1209527_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatttatttgtcggataagcctttgccagttccgggtattcttcagcagaaaaagcggcAccattgcatttcagccagcc
>ECK120029525_pitBp_reverse_3136403_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatcgttaaaaaatgatatttcactttgcccatgccgttaaagtcactgataatgcgtccGttcgtaaattcaaaatggcg
>ECK125140844_pkap_forward_2719931_[TASES|W|Traceable author statement to experimental support],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaacgcaacatctgggtagcatcacagcagaacagttagaaagcgtttaaaatcattcgGtcacttctgcgggagaccgg
>ECK120049219_pldAp_forward_4004814_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ggtttctactttaggaagggataactaacggctatggagttaagtatgtaaaatagcccgCagaaaaatattcaccttatc
>ECK125137932_pldBp4_forward_4009023_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgagcgaggtggtcatagtgttgattgcaccagagcctggcgacaggcttaaaatgatcgAtgtcagcaggtaggcaaacc
>ECK125203411_plsXp_forward_1147577_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
ggccgcaaggtcatcgctaagtaatcacgcatctgcgtgatgaagcttagtgaggattttCcccaggcaactggggaaaga
>ECK125137312_pmrDp3_reverse_2373574_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcacttctcatttctgccattccattgccgttgataaagagtttatctgttaatctgtaaAttgatgtgaaaactcttagc
>ECK120011045_pncBp_reverse_990414_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaggtggcatatggtgtgatcggggttcaataaattgcgaaacaaggtatactccagcaGttcctgaagatgtttattgt
>ECK120010385_pnpp_reverse_3311326_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagtggccccttttttcaagctgacggcagcaattcactggaaactaatgtattgttgctAtgaatgatcttccgttgcag
>ECK120010629_pntAp_reverse_1677975_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
attttcagtacgttatagggcgtttgttactaatttattttaacggagtaacatttagctCgtacatgagcagcttgtgtg
>ECK120015389_polBp_reverse_65803_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gggcagtaatgactgtataaaaccacagccaatcaaacgaaaccaggctatactcaagccTggttttttgatggattttca
>ECK125136772_potDp5_reverse_1182848_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtgctgtcgctggtgatggttattgccagccagcttattgctcgtgataaaacgaaagGtaacacaggggacgttaaat
>ECK125095184_ppdDp_reverse_117705_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgcgttttcgctaatagttgacagatttatccgctccatcgcgggcggataatctcccctTccccaactttcttcgtaacg
>ECK125137467_pphBp1_forward_2859737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctatcgggaatattaacgacaactgacgaataaaataaaaacaccctgtataataggaaAgcttattttacagggtaaaa
>ECK120010560_ppiAp1_reverse_3492335_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agatacgtaaaattaggtaaagggatggccttgttcttgaaggctatttagaatctcttcActtgctttttttctgctctg
>ECK120010561_ppiAp2_reverse_3492395_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cattttaagaggtgattttgatcacggaataaaaagtgatcgtcaggttacatatatttcAgatacgtaaaattaggtaaa
>ECK120010562_ppiAp3_reverse_3492430_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtttaaatgttttattgcaatcggttgctaaattgcattttaagaggtgattttgatcacGgaataaaaagtgatcgtcag
>ECK120010563_ppiAp4_reverse_3492449_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttaggtgattttgtgatctgtttaaatgttttattgcaatcggttgctaaattgcattttAagaggtgattttgatcacgg
>ECK120010558_ppiDp2_forward_461819_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcgcatctactgatgtgccttttttatttgtattcggtgactttctgcgtcttgtgggcTgacaattgcccccgtttctt
>ECK125137058_ppsRp6_forward_1787383_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgttttcataaaaaataaaattgaaggttcattttataaaccagacataacgttctacGcttctgtgcgtttttaattt
>ECK125137059_ppsRp8_forward_1787351_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcggtataaacgaaaccataaaaatgaaatgctgttttcataaaaaataaaattgaagGttcattttataaaccagaca
>ECK120010220_ppsp_reverse_1787161_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tatatttgcttgaacgattcaccgtttttttcatccggttaaatatgcaaagataaatgcGcagaaatgtgtttctcaaac
>ECK125136955_pptAp6_forward_1532867_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattattttcagggatacggcacattgctattaatattttgacgaatgataaggtattcaAggcagggttaagacgtaaga
>ECK120010681_pqiAp1_forward_1011666_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcggcaaaagcagaaactgtaaaacgcagcagtagcaaactaagctataaattgcagcGcgaactggagcagctaccgc
>ECK125138118_prfCp4_forward_4609356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggagcagctcctgtgtaaacactgattgcctcccccccgttgatgggtaaaatagccGcaatttttcgttttcaacaa
>ECK125136413_proBp8_forward_260216_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaggaaagtttttaacctgagattgttaaagatatattacagattaataatattcttaAaatgtggtaatttattaaat
>ECK120010616_proKp_reverse_3708694__
aggcattttgctattaagggattgacgagggcgtatctgcgcagtaagatgcgccccgcaTtcggtgattggcgcagcctg
>ECK120010594_proLp_forward_2286207__
atcagttagcgaaatatcttacttgcaatcggtgtggaaaacggtagtattagcagccacGagtcggcacgtagcgcagcc
>ECK120010213_proPp1_forward_4330320_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcctaaacgaaatccatgtgtgaagttgatcacaaatttaaacactggtagggtaaaaagGtcattaactgcccaattcag
>ECK120010285_proSp_reverse_218837_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccgcgttaaattcacgcccttctcttttgacatttcttttgcactggtaaactaaatcActtttttttgtcccaggctc
>ECK120010368_proVp1_forward_2804563_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taattcccgccaaatagctttttatcacgcaaataatttgtggtgatctacactgatactCtgttgcattattcgcctgaa
>ECK120010369_proVp2_forward_2804599_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgtggtgatctacactgatactctgttgcattattcgcctgaaaccacaatattcaggCgttttttcgctatctttgac
>ECK120010370_proVp3_forward_2804755_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcatgccacatttgccatcaggggttgcctcagattctcagtatgttagggtagaaaaaAgtgactatttccattgggta
>ECK120015167_prpRp_reverse_348471_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tttcaggcaatgtttcaccgcgtttcattgcaacaattatgaaacaagactaaacccaatAttcggtttcttaactttgcg
>ECK120011046_prsp_reverse_1262177_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgcaagaaaacgttttcgcgaggttgatgcggtgctttcctggctgttagaatacgcccCgtcgcgcctgactgggacag
>ECK120009916_psiEp_forward_4240300_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaacaaaacatacacaaaaaatatagatctccgtcacatttttgcgttatacaggaagcTcgccactgtgaaggaggtac
>ECK120009905_pspFp1_reverse_1367945_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatctttttgatttataaagatctgattgaagaatcaacagcaacatgccaggatgagttAgcgaattacactaacaagtg
>ECK120009907_pspFp3_reverse_1368040_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaagcgagaaaaaatacccataatgttgtcctcttgatttctgcgttcaggattgtcctGctgaactgttaatacaattt
>ECK125137426_pssAp4_forward_2722578_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgctagcccgcaagctcgggtttaacgttgatatccagctcgaagaggggatcgttgggCttacgctaaatcttgcccag
>ECK125137427_pssAp6_forward_2722667_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcatgagtaaggtactggaaatgttgaccacttaatcgggactggtgttattattgcccGcttatgtcgtctgcattgca
>ECK120035100_pstBp_reverse_3908447_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agaggggcgaggggaccgaccgagcgcctttttgactctgtacacggttaacactttgccGgatgcggcgtgaacgcctga
>ECK125134709_pstBp1_reverse_3908556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttaccctgtgcgtactgctgctgaacattctggcgcgcgttgtttttgcgaagaataaacAcggttgatattgctgacacg
>ECK125134707_pstCp_reverse_3910542_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cggggctaaacaggcgaacgacctggattacgccagcctgccggatagtgtagttgaacaGgttcgcgctgcgtggaagac
>ECK120010253_pstSp_reverse_3911568_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcataaaactgtcatattccttacatataactgtcacctgtttgtcctattttgcttctcGtagccaacaaacaatgcttt
>ECK120009901_pthp_reverse_1258542_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatctgcatttgatacgcagttttttgtcaagcggggccgcaaccagtaaactacgcgccAgttatgtacacactcaggac
>ECK120010375_ptrAp_reverse_2959011_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatcagtcatgagtgctgtataaaaattgcgcaatctatccgcttactttatgatgcgcaCcagtcacggactgatggtta
>ECK120009862_ptsGp2_forward_1157626_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccgttgaatgagtttttttaaagctcgtaattaatggctaaaacgagtaaagttcaccGccgaaaattgggcggtgaat
>ECK120010357_ptsHp2_forward_2533601_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaagctgaatcgattttatgatttggttcaattcttcctttagcggcataatgtttaatGacgtacgaaacgtcagcggt
>ECK120010356_ptsHp4_forward_2533501_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcaaactttcgcccctcctggcattgattcagcctgtcggaactggtatttaaccagactAattattttgatgcgcgaaat
>ECK120010161_purAp_forward_4404664_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggtcatttttgagtgcaaaaagtgctgtaactctgaaaaagcgatggtagaatccattttTaagcaaacggtgattttgaa
>ECK120011012_purCp_reverse_2597781_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttagcaagtaaaaatacagggctggaatcatccggcccttttttctgatatgatacgcaaAcgtgtgcgtctgcaggaaaa
>ECK120010154_purEp_reverse_553142_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gctgatttcacagccacgcaaccgttttccttgctctctttccgtgctattctctgtgccCtctaaagccgagagttgtgc
>ECK120011013_purHp_reverse_4207627_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaccattgaaagagaaaaattcgcgagcgttgcgcaaacgttttcgttacaatgcgggcGaaaaataaggatgccccgtt
>ECK120011014_purLp_reverse_2695589_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtgattttatttccacgcaaacggtttcgtcagcgcatcagattctttataatgacgcccGtttcccccccttgggtacac
>ECK120011015_purMp_forward_2621153_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcaaaaaggttgtgtaaagcagtctcgcaaacgtttgctttccctgttagaattgcgccGaattttatttttctaccgca
>ECK120011016_purRp_forward_1737689_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ataatgataagtgtttttaccacttccccttttcgtcaagatcggccaaaattccacgctTacactatttgcgtactggcc
>ECK125137137_purTp3_forward_1930855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggttgagaaatcaacatcagcaataaagacacacgcaaacgttttcgtttatactgcgcGcggaattaatcaggggatat
>ECK125136834_purUp3_reverse_1288751_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcaataattgaacgttcgcgatttttgaaagaaaacggtcaatggtactatattgacggtAcacgtccgcagtttggtcgc
>ECK120010662_putAp_reverse_1078925_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgctacgcatgtcacatttaacatggttgcacaaagttgcaacatcatggatatttcacGataacgttaagttgcacctt
>ECK120010626_putPp1_forward_1079168_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gagtgcaacctgatgaaaaatagtgtcgctgagcactaaaatttaatgtaaatggtgtgtTaaatcgattgtgaataacca
>ECK120010315_putPp4_forward_1079210_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaatgtaaatggtgtgttaaatcgattgtgaataaccagcgcttccggcaggatacggtCgccctggtaaaacataaact
>ECK120034249_pykAp1_forward_1937544_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgataagcagttacttaatttaagtgacgatcgctaaaaacgactgtcactgtcctaatCttatacgacatccgaatgag
>ECK120034250_pykAp2_forward_1937494_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attcagagataacttgaagcgggtcaaagaagcgctgaaggaatcgcgttttgataagcaGttacttaatttaagtgacga
>ECK120010529_pykFp_forward_1755467_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atattttttgaaacgctgtttttgttttccttttggattaatttcagcgtataatgcgcgCcaattgactcttgaatggtt
>ECK120034238_pykFp1_forward_1755663_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaccaccactttcgtaataccggattcgctttccggcagtgcgcccagaaagcaagtttCtcccatccttctcaacttaa
>ECK120011017_pyrCp_reverse_1122643_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgcattcgcgccctttatttttcgtgcaaaggaaaacgtttccgcttatcctttgtgtccGgcaaaaacatcccttcagcc
>ECK120011018_pyrDp_forward_1004732_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgtttgcgttttttttgccgcaggtcaattcccttttggtccgaactcgcacataatacGcccccggtttgcacaccggg
>ECK120010324_pyrFp_forward_1341870_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcctgccaggggagaaatcgcaactgttaattttttatttccacgggtagaatgctcgccGtttacctgtttcgcgccact
>ECK120009854_pyrHp_forward_191812_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atcttgtaaattcagctaacccttgtggggctgcgctgaaaagcgacgtacaatgtcgctAgtattaattcatttcaatcg
>ECK120016575_qseBp1_forward_3169801_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agggaaaaaaataaaatttagtgctgtacagagcgcgttacaacacggtttactggcagcAaatacggttatcgcagggat
>ECK120016568_qseBp2_forward_3169749_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctttaatgtctgtttccgagcatttaacaagatagtccttaacaacttcttaagggaaaaAaataaaatttagtgctgtac
>ECK125137484_queEp7_reverse_2905606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggtaattttatattcgttatcattaaaaactaatacagaaaaaataaatataattttgGtgaatgttttgacatgatta
>ECK125136890_racRp3_reverse_1420244_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgtgcctaatgcagtaagggtagggattgcctaatgtaatgcgcataggagaatattaaGcaatgcttagtggtaaagac
>ECK125136891_racRp4_reverse_1420449_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggacatctctcggcaggcaattgacgtacccctttgatccattgatttacgcttggagGtgatacacctaaaagcctag
>ECK125137924_rarDp1_reverse_4004227_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccagtgccaccgccacctatatggtaggttgaagAcataaaagcaggtaaactgc
>ECK125137926_rarDp3_reverse_4004258_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaataaagtcgccgtcgcccgcgttgaattacacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccaGtgccaccgccacctatatgg
>ECK125136412_rayTp8_forward_247624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctttcccgatataaaacaacctcattgccaacctttccttttcttcttaccgttgagaAaaaggagtcgccatgtctga
>ECK125137316_rbnp4_forward_2381581_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcagatcttgccattcaatcataatgctctccttttagatgtatgccttatactagccgGaatattttttgaaacgtgat
>ECK120010256_rbsDp_forward_3933322_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcacatttccgtaacgtcacgatggttttcccaactcagtcaggattaaactgtgggtcAgcgaaacgtttcgctgatgg
>ECK120032985_rcnAp_forward_2185827_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttctgtttatcacggattgtatgagacatggcaacacctggttaacaagaatatgaaaaAtcatagcactattaatctac
>ECK120032986_rcnRp_reverse_2185903_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagaaccaggcgtttccttgctgaagaagagttgtaaattcggtcatgataataattcttAgtattaattcggcaatctga
>ECK120010578_rcsAp_forward_2023836_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcactcacatatcgcaacatttactttactttaagacaattccaggcaaattatacaacActttacgggatagtaagtcc
>ECK125109864_rcsBp1_forward_2315695_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggtgcaacctgtatcacacccgatgaaagattaattagtcaagattatgatatctttttAacggataatccgtctaatct
>ECK125109865_rcsBp2_forward_2315975_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattatgcgctctttgtagacacagtaccggatgatgttaagaggctgtatactgaagcaGcaaccagtgactttgctgcg
>ECK125109863_rcsDp_forward_2313452_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagagaatcatcaatcaggtaagagtctggaatttcacactgtaccctttatactgccctAtcacttcgcgaagttttaac
>ECK125136827_rdlAp5_forward_1269323_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgagcgtcatatagccgccttgttgtaatgacaacattttgcggctattcttgaattGttctggttcaagattagccc
>ECK120009856_rdoAp_forward_4042391_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aagagtaaaagcttgtaagcggcgccaccaaaatcatcgtgaaatgatatccttcgtcatTcgtaatgttttccggatgat
>ECK120011019_recAp_reverse_2823819_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cttgtggcaacaatttctacaaaacacttgatactgtatgagcatacagtataattgcttCaacagaacatattgactatc
>ECK120016569_recCp_reverse_2962507_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgccaactggcaggtcaaccgaatgcagacatcgcaggcgggatgtgtcagcatcagcgtTacgctagtttcacccggggg
>ECK120015765_recNp_forward_2751759_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aattattctaattttacgccagcctctttactgtatataaaaccagtttatactgtacacAataacagtaatggtttttca
>ECK125137930_recQp2_forward_4005833_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggattaccctctcagagactaaaagcattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgCctgtttttatttcaggcaat
>ECK120010374_relAp1_reverse_2913829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgttatgcagcaaattataaaactggaacctattcgtatagtttatgtatcctgtaaccCtgcaacgctggctcgggata
>ECK120029520_relAp2_reverse_2914277_[CV(SM/TIM)|C|cross validation(SM/TIM)],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[SM|S|Site mutation],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
ttttcgcattctgaaggcctggatctgtatctcgcccccgatagtgagatactcgaaaccGtctctggtgagatgccctgg
>ECK120030217_relBp_reverse_1645903_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgactactttctgacttccttcgtgacttgccctaagcatgttgtagtgcgatacttgtaAtgacatttgtaattacaaga
>ECK125137000_remp2_reverse_1644975_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttttgtttttattttcaacgcgtttgaagttctggacggtgccggaatagaatcaaaaAtacttaagtagcgcgcaggg
>ECK120010422_repp_forward_3960647_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagccaaccggttagcggcttacacgcggtcacattcaaatgcgattctgctacaatcctCcccccgttcgaagattgagc
>ECK120009994_rfaDp1_forward_3793939_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atccttgcacctctatgtaaagggctgaagggattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacAttcgtgtctgagattgtctc
>ECK125137938_rfaHp4_reverse_4024873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgttaaattagcgtgaactctgacggtataacgcaaaccggggaatataattaacttAgcgtaaagcttttgctatcc
>ECK125137939_rfaHp5_reverse_4024965_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaagtcgcgtaaatcgttatatttcatggcgtccattgtagcctcttaatctgcgcccAttatacggcgttcatctttg
>ECK125095189_rfaYp_reverse_3801136_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aactaaaccgtggcacaaatgggcaatttatccatcggtaaaatactataaaatagctttAgaaaattccccctggaaaga
>ECK125137219_rfbXp6_reverse_2109586_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttcgccaaaagatgaaaggctctttacgttagatgagcttatcagattaaaattaattGcatgaatacgaataaattat
>ECK125137220_rfbXp7_reverse_2109718_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttggttctgtctgatatcgctgaatttcaatataaaactacaaactattatcatcctGaaagcgattgtggaatatgt
>ECK125137216_rfcp10_reverse_2107283_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagcagagaagacaaggttatatttggcgggcgtttggccgagtataaatattatgatatGcatcaagtgatatctgccgc
>ECK125137217_rfcp11_reverse_2107444_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tataccagaataattgagcataaacattttgactatgttgagacaaagcatacggttgttAcaaaagaatatccattagag
>ECK125137215_rfcp8_reverse_2107234_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatgatatgcatcaagtgatatctgccgctctttatcaagtgaaaaatataatgagtAcggattaatgatctatcttg
>ECK125095203_rfep_forward_3967800_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aatgccgcgctggcgatgttaggaaaattcctggaatttgctggcatgttatgcaatttgCatatcaaatggttaattttt
>ECK120010264_rhaBp_reverse_4097472_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcccattttcctgtcagtaacgagaaggtcgcgaattcaggcgctttttagactggtcgtAatgaaattcagcaggatcac
>ECK120010141_rhaSp_forward_4097711_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacgtggttttccgtcgaaaatttaaggtaagaacctgacctcgtgattactatttcgccGtgttgacgacatcaggaggc
>ECK120010258_rhaTp_reverse_4100566_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgacaacggcggcaacaggcgaaaggttaatcgacagcacgatttttacactcatctcGtcggagatgtgacgcgacga
>ECK125137305_rhmAp3_reverse_2358946_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgcgtgaaagcagaaacgttatttgccagcgatgcggcgggattactgacgctggcaGcggtggcggtcatcggttcg
>ECK125137811_rhsBp10_forward_3619113_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaatatattcctaaaaatcttcAattcattgtgaccacaagtt
>ECK125137812_rhsBp11_forward_3619003_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggcgtgcggcacgggcatttgcagtgcttgccgaaggaagattgagtctattattgggTcctttggtgaacgatcaaca
>ECK125137809_rhsBp8_forward_3619178_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtgaccacaagtttttcttcgctttttcgtatgaagatactgtcattaaaataatagAaaaggattttacgatgagcg
>ECK125136518_rhsDp8_forward_523066_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actaataaaatcataaatcatatgcgttgaatggatattatccatatagtgaatttgttgAtgatgaattcatctgtgcta
>ECK125136645_rhtAp8_reverse_850304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgggccatttcatgtaacagaacgtttccatacaccgctatccatctaaatttaaatcActttttcagagaactgcgta
>ECK120010654_ribAp2_reverse_1339234_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgaaaacgccagttccaggaaaaattgacagatttgtgccattccgtgaacgatcgacgcGtcgtgattaggtgaacccct
>ECK125137038_ribCp5_reverse_1743458_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgagaatcaccgggattgctaatgctaataacagacgcgcttcactgatatacttctgcAcgtgaacaccttttatttgt
>ECK120016956_ribFp_forward_21383_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
ttctgatttcggtactcaatcgccggttaaccttgaccgctgtacaaggtatactcggacGattttcactgttttgagcca
>ECK120010622_rihBp_reverse_2255252_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtttatccgctatgagatttctcatatttagcatacgtacgctgttgttaagattcaatcAtcggcccggtcgaattttct
>ECK120009923_rimKp_forward_891876_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Weak
ctggagcgatcatatccgccgaacaatcattaaagaaagccgcccatttattctggattaTttgcacaaacagggttgggc
>ECK120016963_rimPp_reverse_3318175_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttcaaatccggcccccgcaaccactttcccttagagtcctttttcaaatatactgtgaagActtcggccttcgtagtggga
>ECK125137115_rlmAp9_reverse_1907086_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatcttcgctcctggcgttcggatatttgcccgccgcgtgattcgcgttacacttgcgGcctttagtatcctgccggag
>ECK120010506_rlmEp1_reverse_3327760_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtgctgtttttgtttagtactcagattcatcgtattttttgcttacgttgggattgaaaAcgggtcattctaccgccatc
>ECK125136642_rlmFp7_forward_842224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatttttacaaaataagacaaatcaatgacatgcataatgctgatttttatgatgaattGccataaaccatagccatgtt
>ECK125136705_rlmIp4_reverse_1030001_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgctctccttatccttaatggacgcgttgcaaatccatggaaaactccggacaatgacgCccatttctttgcatcgacag
>ECK125136577_rlpAp7_reverse_665213_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgctgatggctgggttcgggattgtaatgtcaatccacacccacaggaaaatgttgtcGaaaagcgtgtaagaggtgcg
>ECK125136699_rmfp4_forward_1015532_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaaatataaccgtctccggtatgttgcctgaggcggtttttttgtctctaacgtgcggaAaaatttgttcctcttcacat
>ECK125136700_rmfp5_forward_1015503_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagcgtctaccttaattataaagatttgtaaatataaccgtctccggtatgttgcctgAggcggtttttttgtctctaa
>ECK120010748_rnbp1_reverse_1349129_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccaatgggctgaccgtcattctgttgagcgcgctaccgttcaggcgatacaatggctgAcccgagcacccgatcgcttt
>ECK120010749_rnbp2_reverse_1348944_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatcgcgttgggtgagacatattaaccttgccgcgtcagacagattcgcgtaaaactgtcAgccgctctaatggccaccaa
>ECK120010724_rncp_reverse_2704223_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgagataaatctcccgtggctaacgacatcccccgtcgttgtgtatagaatattcccccGaagtttaaggttggcacctc
>ECK120051391_rndp_reverse_1888061_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaaattttgcgacgagaattacgtgacgaagcgcgcggcaaagtggacaataaagcctgAgcgttaagtcagtcgtcaga
>ECK120029521_rnep1_reverse_1144728_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gggtgataaatggtaaaagtcatcttgctataacaaggcttgcagtggaataatgaggccGtttccgtgtccatccttgtt
>ECK120029522_rnep2_reverse_1144762_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaccagcaagaagtgaaaaaactgtgagtaagcgggtgataaatggtaaaagtcatcttGctataacaaggcttgcagtg
>ECK120029523_rnep3_reverse_1144873_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgattctaattagccaacaggattcgcgccactcatttttctatgcttatatttacttttGcaccttattacttcactgcg
>ECK125136561_rnkp6_reverse_644055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattccctgaatgtgacgcaaatcacttcaaagagtgagcaacagtcagtatcatcatgtGagttaaaccctcgccgcctg
>ECK125109143_rnlAp2_forward_2765894_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
caggtggctaaatttagcaaatcaatacacttcaggggggtattattgtagagtttccccAtatgtttctatgggatccag
>ECK125109144_rnlBp2_forward_2766860_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgcagctactcttagaccggaacagattaacatcatcagcacagcctatactttttttAatgtggaacgtcattctctg
>ECK125137403_rodZp1_reverse_2642932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttagccttagtgaatgtgggctttgtcacgagcacacagacggtcttatactgtatgatAacggttaacttaacggatgt
>ECK120010026_rpiBp_forward_4313257_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tggatggtgagtgtctttaacgctattgcgctgtcagatgtaactctgtaaaacagatcaGgaaggcgtaattcatcgatt
>ECK120011144_rplMp_reverse_3378672_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cggactttgtcgtgtgaacctcaacaattgaagacgtttgggtgttcaccaacgtgtaacTatttattgggtaagctttta
>ECK125122035_rplUp_reverse_3333516_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcttcgtgtattgactgtagcacttgtcaaaggcgtgcgttttgcgtaatattcgcgccCtattgtgaatatttatagcg
>ECK125203431_rplVp_forward_2282440_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
attacgcggttaatggtagttttgattgatgtataaggcgattgagtatagaatctcgccCgcttttgcatacgcaaagca
>ECK125137690_rpmAp4_reverse_3333225_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggcgtaatcaaagctgaagttgttgctcacggtcgtggcgagaaagttaaaatcgttaAgtttcgtcgtcgtaaacact
>ECK120029428_rpmIp_reverse_1800427_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagacttagtcgagatcagccctaacgccgagccgccggtttgtcgtataatggattacgGcaaattcctctatgaaaaga
>ECK120010382_rpoDp1_forward_3212473_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
agagcggcgtttctcgccctgttccgcagctaaaacgcacgaccatgcgtatacttatagGgttgctggtgcaaaatccag
>ECK120010383_rpoDp2_forward_3212637_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
acttgtctctcccagccaggtctgaccaccgggcaacttttagagcactatcgtggtacaAataatgctgccacccttgaa
>ECK120010579_rpoEp2_reverse_2710087_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgacaaacaaaaacagatgcgttacggaactttacaaaaacgagacactctaaccctttgCttgctcaaattgcagctaat
>ECK120010514_rpoHp1_reverse_3601003_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acggtacaacatttacgccactttacgcctgaataataaaagcgtgttatactctttcccTgcaatgggttccgtagcagg
>ECK120010155_rpoHp4_reverse_3600863_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttattcacaagcttgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataaaacagtgaatGataacctcgttgctcttaag
>ECK120010581_rpoNp_forward_3344662_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcctacagaaatcttacaagacgaacacgttaagcgtgtataccttggggaagacttcaGactctgatagggtagaagtt
>ECK120010533_rpoSp_reverse_2868118_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcctgcacaaaattccaccgttgctgttgcgtcgcaaccgacaattacgtattctgagtcTtcgggtgaacagagtgctaa
>ECK120048895_rpoZp_forward_3822077_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atgacgctttaatcagcaaattgttggcagactgaacctgatttcagtatcatgcccagtCatttcttcacctgtggagct
>ECK120010744_rpsAp1_forward_961717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaacgtgcgcatcgccgcatgctacagttgcaggagaagggctttagtgttaactttgagCgccttttggccgagatcaaa
>ECK120010310_rpsAp3_forward_961859_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tagtgttggattccaccaccttaagcattgagcaagtgattgaaaaagcgctacaatacgCgcgccagaaattggctctcg
>ECK120034397_rpsBp_forward_189712_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgctgtacacagcgccaacaattattggtgtccacgacgtatttgtggtataaagcgcgcCggacttccgatccatttcgt
>ECK120034372_rpsFp_forward_4425025_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aggggagatttatttcggctctgcccttgagtttagcgaggcatacaagtactataacgcGtcatttttcagccgaccttt
>ECK125137707_rpsIp2_reverse_3378290_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgaaatcgcggttaaaggcatgttgccaaaaggcccgctgggtcgtgctatgttccgtaAactgaaagtttacgcgggta
>ECK120010391_rpsJp_reverse_3453442_[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aggctgtttactttactagcaatacgcttgcgttcggtggttaagtatgtataatgcgcgGgcttgtcgtagttgacagca
>ECK120011146_rpsMp2_reverse_3442565_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaggctgattttttcgcatatttttcttgcaaagttgggttgagctggctagattagccaGccaatcttttgtatgtctgt
>ECK120015469_rpsPp_reverse_2746254_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tttacagcagagttagcaactgttgattgcaattcccgcaaaaatgagtaaaattttcggGcttttaatatgacaccggac
>ECK120010380_rpsUp1_forward_3210646_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
atgcgggttgatgtaaaactttgttcgcccctggagaaagcctcgtgtatactcctcaccCttataaaagtccctttcaaa
>ECK120010381_rpsUp2_forward_3210712_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaagtccctttcaaaaaaggccgcggtgctttacaaagcagcagcaattgcagtaaaattCcgcaccattttgaaataagc
>ECK120010527_rpsUp3_forward_3210735_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggtgctttacaaagcagcagcaattgcagtaaaattccgcaccattttgaaataagctgGcgttgatgccagcggcaaac
>ECK120033629_rrsAp2_forward_4035356_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccggcagagaaagcaaaaataaatgcttgactctgtagcgggaaggcgtattatgcacacCccgcgccgctgagaaaaagc
>ECK120009873_rrsDp2_reverse_3428940_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agagaaaaaaatcctgaaattcagggttgactctgaaagaggaaagcgtaatatacgccaCctcgcgacagtgagctgaaa
>ECK120010769_rsdp2_reverse_4196859_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcaattatacgatccatagctcttgcactacctttgcatcactggcatgtttaacatggtTtttacatttctcactgagca
>ECK125138035_rsgAp12_reverse_4391566_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggttgttttcattggcactcatgctattttccacccattcacagtgactatattgatccAcaattgcgtgtatcatagat
>ECK125138116_rsmCp3_reverse_4607725_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaggggcgcaaatatagcaaattcgtcgataccgcgccaacatatggctataatcgccGccagtatcaattgaggagca
>ECK125137555_rsmEp4_forward_3091068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcataacccgtatgtgcaacgcgcttgccaggcgcgaaagagctaacctacactagcggGattctttttgttaaccccta
>ECK125141558_rsmGp_reverse_3923756_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgtcacgcctgcggccatctccattctgctggtgtggctgaaaaaacagggtatgctgcgTcgtagcgcataacgcattaa
>ECK125137282_rsuAp2_reverse_2280545_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatagtatgccatggatctttttcccttgagggatgttattagaccgctatactgggcaGacaacagttcagattttcgg
>ECK125137279_rtnp1_forward_2270678_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttcattcatcagagaaaatgatgtttccgcgtcttgatccaggctatagtccggtcAttgttatcttttaaatgttg
>ECK120033698_rutRp2_forward_1074113_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
ccagtttttaaaaagttaatgttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggTaaaaagtggactaaacggtc
>ECK125137145_ruvBp3_reverse_1945452_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgacgatgctgaacaagaagcggttgccgcgctggtggcgctgggctataaaccacaAgaagcaagccgcatggtgag
>ECK120015432_ruvCp_reverse_1947439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtctgatcgatatgctggaagattgcgacgacgtgcaggaagtttaccataacggtgaaaTctctgatgaggtcgcagcga
>ECK125140763_rybAp_reverse_853064_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccagagttgcgaaggtacaaaaaattaacgttttagcaatagctatataatatagcctGtgctatatctgtatgtaatg
>ECK125137051_rydBp2_reverse_1764924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgaattaaaagaagaaatctactttgcctggcgtctgggcgtgcattgatcctgacttAatgccgcaagttcgccaaat
>ECK120030648_rydCp_reverse_1491506_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agatggacgtatgggcaaggattatggttttatttatcatacaaataaatataataggcgCttccgatgtagacccgtatt
>ECK120032973_ryfDp_reverse_2734295_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgtcgcgacaagaccaccggtcgtatggcaagtttcatttggctgatataacctaaagAatcaagacgatccggtacgc
>ECK120009960_ryhBp_reverse_3581016_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aatgcatttttttgcaaaaagtgttggacaagtgcgaatgagaatgattattattgtctcGcgatcaggaagaccctcgcg
>ECK120032974_ryjBp_forward_4527977_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccacggcctgacgccagtcggtggctttacgttgtgcctgtacccatttaatatcgttaaTcatccgtcgttgactccatg
>ECK120033699_safAp_reverse_1584028_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcctacagctgtaagaaactccgctcagtactgaagcaccagtcctatttcctcttttcTccagcctgttatattaagca
>ECK120033029_sbcDp_reverse_416977_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tattgatttccgtggcgcagaaaaaagcaaatggcacatctgtttgggtataatcgcgccCatgctttttcgccagggaac
>ECK120033031_sdaCp_forward_2928035_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcccttaaattctcttttacttttgatttacagagtaaagcgttgggataatctatcttcCaagtagattattgtatttga
>ECK120010170_sdhCp_forward_754958_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgacaaactatatgtaggttaattgtaatgattttgtgaacagcctatactgccgccaggTctccggaacaccctgcaatc
>ECK120010305_sdhDp2_forward_755404_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggtttcgagcaagcttccgcgattatgggcagcttcttcgtcaaatttatcatgtggggCatccttaccgctctggcgta
>ECK125140840_sdiAp1_reverse_1996917_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actcattaataacataagagaatgcgatggcttgcaaaagtaattcattgcctgaataatAtaaattatatataaatctta
>ECK125137169_sdiAp2_reverse_1996897_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
aatgcgatggcttgcaaaagtaattcattgcctgaataatataaattatatataaatcttAtttatgtgatagtttgaatt
>ECK125140841_sdiAp3_reverse_1996867_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cctgaataatataaattatatataaatcttatttatgtgatagtttgaattatcattataAatgatactcactctcagggg
>ECK125203416_secBp_reverse_3784203_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acagcacattggcggctgtgatgacttgtatgcattggatgcacgtggtggactggatccCctgctgaaataacgtgtgaa
>ECK120034382_secGp1_reverse_3322587_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatacaatgcgataaaattgcccttgcgaaggtcattcgctttggttagtattcacacccGcttcagtgggaaagattaaa
>ECK125137867_selBp5_reverse_3759925_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcattagccgcccgctggcgtgaattgccagtgccggtgattggtcgtatttatgacgGacgattgtggctggatttac
>ECK125136519_selUp4_reverse_531358_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgagtctggcatggcgcaaatttggcagcggcaaagcggtagaagatattgtgaccttGtttacccagcgcaggccgga
>ECK120010267_serAp1_reverse_3058456_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
tcaacatcgcgacgcaaacgttcatattgccgcaatattattttttgatatgttgaaaggCggatgcaaatccgcacacaa
>ECK120009926_serAp2_reverse_3058549_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gtgtcacgcttttaccaggcaattgtcgattgctctaaataaatcctctaaaccagcataTtcatccaagaattacctttg
>ECK120010763_serCp_forward_957595_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttactcattgcgatgtgtgtcactgaatgataaaaccgatagccacaggaataatgtattAcctgtggtcgcaatcgattg
>ECK120010606_serTp_reverse_1031719_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcaggcaaacaaacaaattaggggtttacacgccgcatcgggatgtttatagtgcgcgTcattccggaagtgtggccga
>ECK120010610_serUp_reverse_2043562_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caaaattgcacggacagggactgttaaaatgccaaatttcctggcatcatggcaaccatcTgaacggagagatgccggagc
>ECK120010612_serVp_reverse_2818697_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ataaaagtgtaggaaaaattgtttgacttataagtctcagaaagtaatatgtgcgccacgCagcgacgatgagcgataaac
>ECK120010605_serWp_reverse_926007_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caataattatcattaaaattcttcttgaccgttttactccaactccctatagtagcgcccCgttgccacccatgaggtttg
>ECK120010607_serXp_reverse_1097676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcgattttttcaaaaagtttgttgacctcaggtcatgatttccctaaattagcgcccgttCcagcaagacaggaacgacaa
>ECK125137272_setBp2_forward_2263713_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttgatgtgctgcacaattttttgccatttttcctaattgctgatgggaaaatccgttAtcagcaatttcatttcagca
>ECK125137273_setBp3_forward_2263836_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgtggcgcttttgatttcgctgtctgtttattttctgacaagcagcgtaaactccgcGtcttcctcttccagtgatcg
>ECK125137889_setCp10_forward_3836768_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaaatagctcattgccttactataattaatAtataaattcggtaattaatt
>ECK125137890_setCp12_forward_3836877_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctggccctataatattgcgctagcattgctttctggttgtatcagcgatactcaaaaAttcttaatacaatactcatt
>ECK125137891_setCp13_forward_3836838_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtaattaattcttaacatgcttttactaataatctcaattgctggccctataatattgcGctagcattgctttctggttg
>ECK125136528_sfmAp4_forward_558062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatttaccgcttcaggtctatatttgtgttgaatatattttgcgcggaagtattcatctaAcggggctctctattttttag
>ECK125136529_sfmAp6_forward_558166_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agacattcttagaggataaaaaggaatttactactatcagtgtcttaaataaagtaatcgGttatatacggatgtggagtc
>ECK125136530_sfmCp4_forward_558807_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaataatcaaaaccacgttgttttgaattatatatcacgtcttataacaaagtaatgtAccggttgtctgaagcggtat
>ECK120010937_sfsAp_reverse_161515_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
accctttacgcctcctcgtttgcccgtggacgcacacgctacacgccgctaaaacgctggGcgctaacgcaataacaagga
>ECK125137691_sfsBp2_forward_3334796_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacacttattcagctctataacacctgaaaaatagggatgtgcatctttatatattctgaAtattcacactctttacagga
>ECK125137692_sfsBp3_forward_3334855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatattcacactctttacaggaactttttagagcaataggccatcaggagtatagtgatgCtcgacagaagaagtgttctg
>ECK120030789_sgrRp_reverse_77338_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aactgacgcatggggcacccccttgcttcatcgttaggaattattgacttaatatagggaAaataaaattgctgtcttttg
>ECK125140845_shiAp_forward_2053566_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttgccgctaatcagccataaaatcatttgcagatgcgctctgtcgaggtagtctcataagGttcgtttatagatcgacggc
>ECK125137190_shiAp11_forward_2053534_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgctttcatcttccatcgaatttttcatgttgccgctaatcagccataaaatcatttGcagatgcgctctgtcgaggt
>ECK120032972_shoBp_reverse_2700291_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acaccatgccacagaattcccccattgaaacgagtggtgtcgtcaaagctctggtgtggaGtgcagcatgcaccctcaata
>ECK120035119_sibAp_forward_2153311_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcgcaagaacggagagccgtcgattgacactaagggcggagtgacataatttcaggagtGagggttagggagaggtttcc
>ECK120035123_sibBp_forward_2153646_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcgcagactacaaagcctgcggattgacaatcttatcgtgaaggcatactttcaggagtGagggtagagcggggtttccc
>ECK120035120_sibDp_reverse_3194865_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agggatatgtgttaatgaaaccttcttgacgctgattttttttcaacctaaagtaaaggaAcaagggtgagggaggatttc
>ECK120035121_sibEp_reverse_3195240_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctcgcttcgtacatggcaggcctattgacgctgttgttttttcaacctagagtaaaggaAcaagggtaagggaggatttc
>ECK120009971_sixAp_reverse_2456999_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgtggggaaagtttttggaaaacaactgcaactgacctgcaataagaaggtcaaagctatAtgaatccgcgctgaatggcg
>ECK120010164_slpp_forward_3653936_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tatcaggcatatcacctcagaatcagatgaaaactataaagaaatatctattatggttttAatatttgttgataaggatag
>ECK125137028_slyAp10_reverse_1721014_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaccagatcttgtaagggcaatcctgttgcattgagcataaacttcacaaagtagattCctttacgaccgaatatattg
>ECK125137029_slyAp13_reverse_1720849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacatttgttttagcaatacaattgctgcacactattctaaaagccgcataatatcttaGcaagctaattataaggagat
>ECK125137746_slyDp6_reverse_3478699_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatgcccggcctgtcaggcgcaggattcaatggcgatgtggcgcgaaaataatattgatAttgttgaatgtgttaagtgc
>ECK125137444_smpBp5_forward_2754767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccggctaatctgaggcataacaatttccatcaacaaaaatccaacaaataatatcatttAtcctgctgtaaaaaaaacgc
>ECK125137344_smrBp6_forward_2448436_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagcgcaacatgtcctgaatggtttgcagctcatttactgcttcatcaacgaaaattttaTccacgtattcctccagggca
>ECK120011020_sodAp_forward_4100759_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tacgaaaagtacggcattgataatcattttcaatatcatttaattaactataatgaaccaActgcttacgcggcattaaca
>ECK120010327_sodBp_forward_1735323_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ttgttacggcaacagggtaagttcatcttttgtctcaccttttaatttgctaccctatccAtacgcacaataaggctattg
>ECK120033253_sohAp_forward_3276972_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agcccccacgtccattaataatgcatttgcattaccttagttcaagcttataatttgagcAgaaaacaggctgtaaaagga
>ECK120009846_sohBp1_forward_1329284_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaatggatactttgtcatactttcgctgcaataacatctctgcgagacggcttaacatgcCtgttgtaaactgtgagccaa
>ECK120009847_sohBp2_forward_1329301_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tactttcgctgcaataacatctctgcgagacggcttaacatgcctgttgtaaactgtgagCcaaagcgttgtttaaccaag
>ECK125229302_sokBp_forward_1492119_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggttgtgcttcatagcctttctccttgccggatggcgggtaagaggctaagatctgaattGctaggttcattcgttggcct
>ECK120010549_soxRp_forward_4277447_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tctgcctcttttcagtgttcagttcgttaattcatctgttggggagtataattcctcaagTtaacttgaggtaaagcgatt
>ECK120010254_speAp_reverse_3086048_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttctcgtggtttcgccgaactttcacacttacgttcggttatgtgcttaataatgttatgAaaaagaaaccggttgcgcag
>ECK120010427_spfp_forward_4049899_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctgaaaaaaaattacaaaaagtgctttctgaactgaacaaaaaagagtaaagttagtcgcGtagggtacagaggtaagatg
>ECK125137084_sppAp6_forward_1848711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgatcaatagttcgagtgcatccatttgattaactcctgtcgtgatatttattcacaaaAttaacacgagagtggatttt
>ECK120016587_spyp_reverse_1825688_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acactttcattgttttaccgttgctctgattaattgacgctaaagtcagtaaagttaatcTcgtcaacacggcacgctact
>ECK120010196_srlAp_forward_2825791_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atctttcattttgcgatcaaaataacacttttaaatctttcaatctgattagattaggttGccgtttggtaataaaacaat
>ECK125137424_srmBp4_forward_2712876_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgagaagcgatatccatacaaacagatgaagattgcagccgtaacgtctataatcagcGccccacacagaggtagaaca
>ECK120010444_ssbp1_forward_4274092_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaccgaggtcacaacatagtaaaagcgctattggtaatggtacaatcgcgcgtttacactTattcagaacgatttttttca
>ECK120011021_ssbp3_forward_4274011_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgacctgaatgaatatacagtattggaatgcattacccggagtgttgtgtaacaatgtCtggccaggtttgtttcccgg
>ECK125162185_ssnAp_forward_3018950_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgctcagttctgtccgtggaacggtaaaccgtacaaagacaaaatcaccgtcttcagccTggcgcaagactttgataaca
>ECK125158028_ssrAp_forward_2755586_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaacgataacgccattgaggctggtcatggcgctcataaatctggtatacttacctttAcacattggggctgattctgg
>ECK125137445_ssrAp2_forward_2755507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attggctatcacatccgacacaaatgttgccatcccattgcttaatcgaataaaaatcagGctacatgggtgctaaatctt
>ECK120034944_ssrSp1_forward_3055974_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgaaaaaactaaccaaaactttgaatgacacttttcggtttactgtggtagagtaaccgtGaagacaaaatttctctgaga
>ECK125136692_ssuBp3_reverse_994141_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcgatgaatgcgcgggagtttttgcaaacggacgtggtggtagtcgctattattctttAcgccctgctcggcaaactgg
>ECK120010638_ssuEp_reverse_997563_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cagaaaaagatacacaaaatttatatttggaattttcttgtctctccgacagactgaccgAattgttatcaatgttaacaa
>ECK120010481_stpAp1_reverse_2798536_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gactgtaaatagattaaattttgtggaaatataataagtgatcgcttacactacgcgacgAaatactttttttgttttggc
>ECK120010482_stpAp2_reverse_2798556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctgaaataatctcgcgcaggactgtaaatagattaaattttgtggaaatataataagtgAtcgcttacactacgcgacga
>ECK120009938_sufAp_reverse_1764418_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
acggtaaagcccctgcgtttgctgggttgaactgataatcattatcactaacatgctgttAtacgctgaaagcgatgaagt
>ECK125137049_sufEp3_reverse_1759481_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacaaaacaggcttggcgttattgcttttaatctcggtaaacaccacgcctatgatgttgGcagttttctcgataattacg
>ECK120010143_sulAp_reverse_1020947_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
cgaggctctttccgaaaatagggttgatctttgttgtcactggatgtactgtacatccatAcagtaactcacaggggctgg
>ECK120033212_surEp2_reverse_2870686_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gatcgcaataaacggagtttttggttgtcggcagcccgcagtgcgttgtttaatcagattGttgctgagcgcctcaaaaaa
>ECK125199580_sutRp_forward_1506150_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgcgttatagcgtacaggcaccgtagcatttgtccgttataacgcacaagtgataaactTccgttttgccggaggagtcg
>ECK125203410_sxyp_forward_1021083_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtgacgggaaaacataaattaatcttgccccttaagaataagttgcctattttcgtagttAacggatccgttaatgtgaat
>ECK120032969_symEp_reverse_4579917_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgcccattttattctatttttagctggactttccccatatttactgatgatatatacagGtatttagcgcggtgcggatg
>ECK120032970_symRp_forward_4579835_[TAS|W|Traceable author statement],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgacggttatttgccggggagacttctgcttcgaacggttgtgcaatagaatgcgtgtcAgtcataactgctattctcca
>ECK125138059_tabAp4_forward_4474834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattcacgcgttaaggctagcggaattgattatcttttcgtataacgatagaaatgaaAcgttgttttaattaaggagt
>ECK125137504_tasp4_forward_2971569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggccttaagatttttctctttcccttttcccttccctctgccatttttatattccttAtgtcgtgattataaaaagga
>ECK125137937_tatAp1_forward_4021909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggcgcaaaacacgctgattttttcatcgctcaaggcgggccgtgtaacgtataatgcggCtttgtttaatcatcatctac
>ECK125136567_tatEp3_forward_658871_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattatgatgtttttttactcggcgcttgattcaccttgttacagattgctattgtgtgcGcgcgtcgaatgaccgttaat
>ECK125137658_tdcGp2_reverse_3259826_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgtttatcaccgatctgaatgattttgccaccatcaacgaagtctataagcagttcttCgatgagcatcaggcgaccta
>ECK125137659_tdcRp4_forward_3267221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttccagagtatcgttattacaattaaatacctttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaAatcagcataaaccctgattt
>ECK125137661_tdcRp6_forward_3267190_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcgaccactcacaaattaactttcaatactttccagagtatcgttattacaattaaatAcctttaaatatcaacaagtt
>ECK125136838_tdkp8_forward_1293493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccacttctgtgcatactgttgagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccAactttatttcatatcattga
>ECK125136362_thiQp2_reverse_73085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtccactggcgcaggcgctggcctttgcatgcgtgctgtcgattggtgattttggcgtGgtggcgttgttcggtaacga
>ECK120010236_thrLp_forward_148_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gccgtgagtaaattaaaattttattgacttaggtcactaaatactttaaccaatataggcAtagcgcacagacagataaaa
>ECK120010601_thrUp_forward_4175381_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaacaaattatgcaattttttagttgcatgaactcgcatgtctccatagaatgcgcgctActtgatgccgacttagctca
>ECK120010587_thrWp_forward_262841_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gccatttgattcacaaggccattgacgcatcgcccggttagttttaaccttgtccaccgtGattcacgttcgtgaacatgt
>ECK125230252_thyAp_reverse_2965254_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gttgagtttttccgccagcccgacgcgcagtttaccggtgcctgggtgcagtacatcagcAtggggcaaattctttccatc
>ECK120027940_tigp_forward_454994_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acgcgacagcgcgcaataaccgttctcgactcataaaagtgatgccgctataatgccgcgTcctatttgaatgctttcggg
>ECK120010157_tnaCp_forward_3888411_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgattcacatttaaacaatttcagaatagacaaaaactctgagtgtaataatgtagcctcGtgtcttgcgaggataagtgc
>ECK125136616_tolBp6_forward_777537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgaaggtggcgatcccgcactttgtcaggctgcgttggcagcagctaaacttgcgaAgatcccgaaaccaccaagcc
>ECK120029860_tomBp1_reverse_480794_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attgtaatttttcgtaataatgcgatgaaaacctgcaaagagtggcttatagttaagctaAcaaacgagagggcaagtcca
>ECK120010225_tonBp_forward_1311054_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcactgatcctgatcgtcttgccttattgaatatgattgctatttgcatttaaaatcgaGacctggtttttctactgaaa
>ECK120010492_topAp2_forward_1330883_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgtcaatctggcaatagatttgcttgacattcgaccaaaattccgtcgtgctatagcgccTgtaggccaagacctgttaac
>ECK120010493_topAp3_forward_1330848_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgtatcggattttatcaggtacagtgtgacgctttcgtcaatctggcaatagatttgcttGacattcgaccaaaattccgt
>ECK120010494_topAp4_forward_1330818_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aactttggattttgcatgctaataaagttgcgtatcggattttatcaggtacagtgtgacGctttcgtcaatctggcaata
>ECK120010495_topAp5_forward_1330789_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cacgctggtggcaagagcgccttactggcaactttggattttgcatgctaataaagttgcGtatcggattttatcaggtac
>ECK120010262_torCp_forward_1058056_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccgtaagccgttcatcctgaccagtgccgctgttcatatttgctcattaagatcgcttcActaaaccataattctacagg
>ECK120010637_torRp_reverse_1057984_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatgagcaaatatgaacagcggcactggtcaggatgaacggcttacggcagaatatgaacAgatatgaacagaatgagtaa
>ECK125136720_torSp5_reverse_1056182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggctttatgctagatgcattccgctttgcgactcaacctttttcacctaaagtgcaccGaccgtgaatttaaccctgac
>ECK120034354_tpiAp2_reverse_4111569_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggtttgaataaatgacaaaaagcaaagcctttgtgccgatgaatctctatactgtttcacAgacctgctgccctgcggggc
>ECK120020514_tppBp_forward_1712671_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatatgtaacagattattacaaaggacttgtctgaaagtgcaagatagtgaacattacctGccgtttcccctcccactata
>ECK125136833_tprp1_reverse_1287188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccatcactttcaaaagtccctgaacttcccaacgaatccgcaattaaatattctgcccAtgcggggaaggatgagaagc
>ECK120010683_tpxp_reverse_1388844_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
ctgcggattaagcgcaaatagcgtttgctgtgttattgacagttagcataaactaggtgtGacgttaactatatgtaaaca
>ECK120010263_treBp_reverse_4466210_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgctgcgtttcgggaacgttcccgtttttaaatttttccgcgcaatatattctgcagccAaccaaaaatgtcatctgcca
>ECK120010485_treRp1_reverse_4467271_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aacgataaaccagactttacccattgctgaatgcacgggtaacgttaggctcaaataattAaacaacacgttacaggacaa
>ECK120009933_treRp4_reverse_4467347_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
gcgccgcaaataataaggagaatccaataatattcgtagcatctatggcgatataataccTgctgacaactaaaccaacga
>ECK125136897_trkGp1_forward_1423741_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcataaggaacagtgaagtaagatctaagaggagttaaattttatacagtataatcataAtattgcagcaaggtggttat
>ECK125136898_trkGp7_forward_1423671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcaatacataaccgagcagtgtttaaagtaaaatcttaactacaatatgattcatttTgatgattgtttcataaggaa
>ECK125136848_trpAp4_reverse_1317303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcccacgccctggcccatgcgttgaaaatgatgcgcgaaaacccggataaagagcagctActggtggttaacctttccgg
>ECK120010323_trpCp_reverse_1319944_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaggcggaacaccggaagaaaaccgtgacattttaacacgtttgttacaaggtaaaggcGacgccgcccatgaagcagcc
>ECK120010144_trpLp_reverse_1323108_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggcaaatattctgaaatgagctgttgacaattaatcatcgaactagttaactagtacgcAagttcacgtaaaaagggtat
>ECK120011022_trpRp_forward_4632704_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Confirmed
gccacggaatggggacgtcgttactgatccgcacgtttatgatatgctatcgtactctttAgcgagtacaaccgggggagg
>ECK120026305_trpSp_reverse_3513697_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctacggatataactacggcgaggctatcgatctcagccagcctgatgtaatttatcagtcTataaatgaccttctgcccgc
>ECK120010423_trxAp1_forward_3965647_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgaagtcggaaaacttctgttctgttaaatgtgttttgctcatagtgtggtagaatatcAgcttactattgctttacgaa
>ECK120010424_trxAp2_forward_3965687_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatagtgtggtagaatatcagcttactattgctttacgaaagcgtatccggtgaaataaAgtcaacctttagttggttaa
>ECK120009945_trxCp_forward_2718675_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcatacctattgaataaaacagattgttgtctggaacaatgtccccgataatatgtaacAtattagaaacataccggcgt
>ECK125137624_tsaDp2_reverse_3210628_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgtaaagcaccgcggccttttttgaaagggacttttataagggtgaggagtatacacgAggctttctccaggggcgaac
>ECK125137625_tsaDp3_reverse_3210568_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggctttctccaggggcgaacaaagttttacatcaacccgcattggtcctacactgcgcgGtaataaagcgaggtaaaaca
>ECK120015954_tsrp1_forward_4591412_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aattgaccgctatcctgtagtgatgttgccagagttacgcgcgcgtaaagtaaggtaaatAactgagtggttattttaggg
>ECK120010294_tsxp1_reverse_432245_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcgggacgattttgtgcgtcccgcaacatctttccccgtcattttgttactctgcttacAtcacctggattgatagtaaa
>ECK120010293_tsxp2_reverse_432091_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaatgatagaactgtgaaacgaaacatatttttgtgagcaatgatttttataataggctcCtctgtatacgaaatatttag
>ECK125136885_ttcAp5_reverse_1411985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgaacgacgaacagatagccatgttgaatgcgcggttatcgtagttgcaaagtttgccCccaatttgccccatttagta
>ECK125109141_ttdAp_forward_3206424_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
taattacatattcacggtggcaaaaaatataaaaccacatttttagtggtagtttgtggcGgtgaatttttccagacaaat
>ECK120033678_tufAp1_reverse_3471724_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
tctgcacttcggttcttaccatgacgttgactcctctgaactggcgtttaaactggctgcTtctatcgcctttaaagaagg
>ECK125135013_tufAp2_reverse_3471583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggaagagaacaccggtgacgttatcggtgacttgagccgtcgtcgtggtatgctcaaaggTcaggaatctgaagttactgg
>ECK125137801_tusAp7_reverse_3609020_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattttcacgcaatcgttaacctagtttgcttacggactcacagggcgtaaactagcgccGtttttttaagtgatgagaag
>ECK125095202_tynAp_reverse_1451498_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttcactaagttttgtgacgttgtcacattatgcatgatgtgtacatctattttcagggCatccactgtatgaaaagctg
>ECK125162184_tynAp1_reverse_1451409_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gccaaacaacctggcaggtgcaggcaatcccctttgcatcagtactgataatgtgaacctGactaaaccgcccacagagcg
>ECK125137947_typAp6_forward_4058380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gtttgcggaggatgtttgtgatcctgttttgtagtgcgattaatccgtgtacaataacgcGctatttctaatgcctgaggc
>ECK120011029_tyrBp_forward_4267082_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[CV(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)|C|cross validation(FP/RS-EPT-CBR)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Confirmed
ttgccgttcgctcctgaacatccactcgatcttcgccttcttccggtttattgtgttttaAccacctgcccgtaaacctgg
>ECK120010158_tyrPp1_forward_1989645_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacaccatatgtaacgtcggtttgacgaagcagccgttatgccttaacctgcgccgcagAtatcactcataaagatcgtc
>ECK120010145_tyrRp_forward_1386692_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtcaatgattgttgacagaaaccttcctgctatccaaatagtgtcatatcatcatattaAttgttcttttttcaggtgaa
>ECK120010608_tyrTp_reverse_1287665_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[CV(FP/TIM)|C|cross validation(FP/TIM)],[FP|S|Footprinting],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Confirmed
cagttcatttttctcaacgtaacactttacagcggcgcgtcatttgatatgatgcgccccGcttcccgataagggagcagg
>ECK120010086_ubiCp_forward_4252443_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttttaccacttcatgcgattgttgcgtttttgttgcgtattagatcacttaatttgctttAcatctcccgtaaacactttt
>ECK125137940_ubiDp8_forward_4024809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtctttcgaggtgttcctgggcacgttgaagttgcccgcgcttgcagtacagtaaatAccaggattgcataatgactc
>ECK125137941_ubiDp9_forward_4024970_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagttcacgctaatttaacaaatttacagcatcgcaaagatgaacgccgtataatgggcGcagattaagaggctacaatg
>ECK125137935_ubiEp2_forward_4018751_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcggttccggagcagccgaatgatgaagcttatcaacgcgatgatgaatataatcagcaGtcgcgctagcccattgggag
>ECK120010190_ubiGp_forward_2339539_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgcagtttgaggtaaacctatacgctttattcacatccaatgcctgatatactcgtttgTcttgccaattacggagtaga
>ECK120010197_udpP_forward_4016391_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atttgcgtcatggtgatgagtatcacgaaaaaatgttaaacccttcggtaaagtgtctttTtgcttcttctgactaaaccg
>ECK125137209_ugdp9_reverse_2099735_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttatagactaaatttcactgcttaatattaacttaataaatatcagctattcttataaAgaaaatctgaattgtttttc
>ECK120010395_ugpBp1_reverse_3592378_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatcttacaaatgtaacaaaaaagttatttttctgtaattcgagcatgtcatgttaccccGcgagcataaaacgcgtgaat
>ECK120010396_ugpBp2_reverse_3592426_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttccctcacccacgccgtcaccgccttgtcatctttctgacaccttactatcttacaaatGtaacaaaaaagttatttttc
>ECK120010193_uhpTp_reverse_3847198_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccaggttttgcctggacgctatctcaggcctgatttgctgctgatttttacaatgcatgcCtcacgcaggtattcatttca
>ECK125137019_uidCp5_reverse_1692988_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcacatcaattgccttagtaccttgcggatttatgctactggcattcgttattatctggTtttatccgctcacggataaa
>ECK125137020_uidCp6_reverse_1693006_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaagttattatgggcatccgcacatcaattgccttagtaccttgcggatttatgctactgGcattcgttattatctggttt
>ECK120010065_uidRp_reverse_1697075_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gccttcgcactattcaacagcaatgataggcgctcacctgacaacgcggtaaactagttaTtcacgctaactataatggtt
>ECK120010067_ulaAp_forward_4419927_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgtcacatttaatcataaataatcttgttgtgattacttttgaaaattagagtgagtgcAcaacattccgggtgtgtgga
>ECK120010238_umuDp_forward_1230738_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacaaatattgatagcctgaatcagtattgatctgctggcaagaacagactactgtatatAaaaacagtataacttcaggc
>ECK120010532_uppp_reverse_2620909_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttttgactaaagtcaacgaaaagaatattgccgccttgaagaaaggaggtataatccgtcGattttttttgtggctgcccc
>ECK120010398_uspAp1_forward_3639983_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttatctaacgagtaagcaaggcggattgacggatcatccgggtcgctataaggtaaggaTggtcttaacactgaatcttt
>ECK125137157_uspCp2_forward_1979598_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacatatattaaccacttgtttaatgcggagaatcagtacactattttcttataattacaTttgaaattatatgatcaccg
>ECK125137158_uspCp4_forward_1979668_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatgatcaccgggagtgattgattaattatctttactaataatcagactaatatttacctGtttgaccgagttgggattgc
>ECK125137160_uspCp6_forward_1979619_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatgcggagaatcagtacactattttcttataattacatttgaaattatatgatcaccgGgagtgattgattaattatct
>ECK120011023_uvrAp_reverse_4273936_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cactccgggtaatgcattccaatactgtatattcattcaggtcaatttgtgtcataattaAccgtttgtgatcgccggtag
>ECK120048891_uvrBp1_forward_813493_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actgtttttttatccagtataatttgttggcataattaagtacgacgagtaaaattacatAcctgcccgcccaactccttc
>ECK120011024_uvrBp2_forward_813462_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacgctgtatcagaaatattatggtgatgaactgtttttttatccagtataatttgttgGcataattaagtacgacgagt
>ECK120010306_uvrBp3_forward_813152_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggggctggagacagttatccactattcctgtggataaccatgtgtattagagttagaaaAcacgaggcaagcgagagaat
>ECK120010343_uvrCp3_reverse_1994879_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaaaaaacagaaagcccatttgccagtttgtctgaacgtgaattgcagattatgctgatgAtcaccaagggccagaaggtc
>ECK120010146_uvrDp1_forward_3997907_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tactgccgcatctggaaatttcccggttggcatctctgacctcgctgatataatcagcaaAtctgtatatatacccagctt
>ECK120010344_uvrYp2_reverse_1995406_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaaatcgaatacccaccatttttaacgtttcaaagttgcaataaaaaccgctaatatacgAatgactaactatcagtagcg
>ECK125134713_uxaBp_reverse_1610720_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcaggagttgatcaaaacaggggttcggcgtattaaagtttgctaacctgtcgtaccaAttcaaacaggttgtatgact
>ECK120010060_uxaBp2_reverse_1610737_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
taaaactgctcattaatcatcaggagttgatcaaaacaggggttcggcgtattaaagtttGctaacctgtcgtaccaattc
>ECK120010059_uxaCp_reverse_3244857_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaaggccagtactggcgcggcctgcagcgagatttaccactttgagagtaatttttttaActacgtttattgatctaact
>ECK120010620_uxuAp_forward_4551518_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtggttaaccaatttcagaattcgggttgacatgtcttaccaaaaggtagaacttatacGccatctcatccgatgcaacg
>ECK120010061_uxuRp_forward_4554458_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
actgatatttggttgaccagttttcgtttttttgcccacctgtacgtgccaacttccagtGctaatggtatagtttgagat
>ECK120010450_valSp1_reverse_4483927_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctgcgaacaagctttgcagattttgccaccgctttcacagaagtggtagacttcgttccTtatgaagattctctgaaaca
>ECK120010596_valUp_forward_2520924_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aacaatttctttagaaaatgcgttgactcattttgaactctccctataatgcgactccacAcagcgggggtgattagctca
>ECK120010590_valVp_forward_1746415_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agcgcagaaaattacgttttgcctcttgccaccttcccactctgccgctaatattcgtccCcgttgtcacctacaacgttg
>ECK120015161_waaAp1_forward_3808516_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaagtcaaaaacgggaaaagtaatggtaaagccacagctaaatacatagaatccccagcAcatccataagtcagctattt
>ECK120015162_waaAp2_forward_3808256_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aggctcaacagctacctgaatactgataacgcacttactttgacgtgctagtgtatcattTctttcgcagcaatccgaccc
>ECK120015159_waaQp1_reverse_3808238_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attttgtgtataaaaatcattcgggtcggattgctgcgaaagaaatgatacactagcacgTcaaagtaagtgcgttatcag
>ECK125137879_waaUp5_reverse_3799424_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataatttatcagatgatacagctatttcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagAcatcagtgcagaagaatcaa
>ECK125137880_waaUp6_reverse_3799496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagtagggatttattcaaaatattgccattttttcgttttatgcatgataatgtaaaagAtattaatatttataatttat
>ECK120010257_wzap_reverse_2137583_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atagccaattaccgaattgttatcttgcctgctattccgttagctgtaacacttcctcctGcattattggaaagccaatat
>ECK125137223_wzxCp5_reverse_2120337_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcataacgaacagtatcgacagctcattgaaggctacatgctgcgccataaggtgaaaccGggcattaccggctgggcgca
>ECK125137887_xanPp4_forward_3828919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatttagatgaggatgtggcaaacgtttgcttttctctttcggtcagctaaaatgcccGctttgctaccacgggattgt
>ECK125137537_xanQp3_forward_3024260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcggcggcctgtttctctgtttgaacgatgactaaatagtgactgcgaaaatgagatAagccgttctcaaggcgtcct
>ECK120010710_xapAp_reverse_2524910_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tattgaatgcgtgagaaaagtgtattggtaagagccgggacaacctcgctataaaaaggcGttagattccaccctacagaa
>ECK120010631_xapRp1_reverse_2522505_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtgtttatgtatgtcggatatctggtggtgaaatactttatgccatgataatttaatacgAtgtatttattatatggagca
>ECK120010632_xapRp2_reverse_2522563_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tacaatcgtgcgcttgcctattcctgtaccaaatgtattaccgggtatattatccattgtGtttatgtatgtcggatatct
>ECK120010731_xseAp_forward_2634197_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
catctacccctttttgcaaaaaatgcttgctatccccgaagggcgggttactatcgactgAataacctgctgatttagaat
>ECK120009912_xseBp_reverse_441373_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cacatcaccttaccattgcgcgttatttgctatttgccctgagtccgttaccatgacgggGcgaaaaatattgagagtcag
>ECK125136346_yaaAp5_reverse_6615_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgctctcgcctgtggttcataccattgccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcGtgcgcccggtgtttgatcca
>ECK125136349_yaaIp2_reverse_11938_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttttgtgcttttgcgcagaaatttcgcgatatggcaggacaagacgtaaaattgacaGcaattttattcatataaaga
>ECK125136350_yaaIp3_reverse_11913_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgcgatatggcaggacaagacgtaaaattgacagcaattttattcatataaagaatgaAtcgcagccaaggcattcatc
>ECK125136351_yaaIp4_reverse_11825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtaataaaaagaaaagattacgtgcctgaatcttctctttatcagcagtaaactagtggGtattcatccccctacctctt
>ECK125136347_yaaJp4_reverse_8017_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaacctcatgtatgctacgcagaagttatcaagtacctcgtagcgtatatacttcttaAacaattggtaacgtttacac
>ECK125136344_yaaXp4_forward_5030_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcccgccgattttgctgcgttgcgtaaattgatgatgaatcatcagtaaaatctattcAttatctcaatcaggccgggt
>ECK120015468_yacCp_reverse_136940_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gacacaatttaatcgacaataatggtcgtcgcctcgctcgcagtgtgctaacgtttatctTctttaagcccctggtagaag
>ECK125136370_yadDp3_forward_146898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccatgtatcgcctgtaacgaattgatatttctctgaacgctgctcggtaaacaataaaGaggtggctgacgatagcgcg
>ECK125136378_yadNp7_reverse_157055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaccaattgcacttgtgaacttatttttacttaattttgaattaagtaaatttaatttGttcaaaagcttctaaagtgc
>ECK125136379_yadNp8_reverse_157031_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttttacttaattttgaattaagtaaatttaatttgttcaaaagcttctaaagtgcacaAtaggcgacctaatgaacaat
>ECK125136383_yadSp5_reverse_177786_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgctcgccacaggcgattgtcattacaggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacAatactggggtgaacagctca
>ECK125136384_yadSp6_reverse_177700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgttattcctctcacgagtgactggtttgaacgtgcaagcccacgtattatcctcgctGcacaacagctctgtaatgcg
>ECK120010497_yadVp1_reverse_156235_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaccagttaaattgattgaatgaatatacagggaataataatttctattttatattatTccctgttttaattaactcta
>ECK120010499_yadVp3_reverse_156214_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgaatatacagggaataataatttctattttatattattccctgttttaattaactctaTcagggatggtttatgttttt
>ECK125136396_yaeQp6_forward_214195_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtcagcactctgacttaaccgtggatgcaagtctaagcctacgaagataaactctgtttCgcaaggtgactataccacac
>ECK125136394_yaeRp3_forward_211858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtcctaaaaatggcgggataacttgccagagcggcttccgggcgagtaacgtgctgttAacaaataaaggagacgttat
>ECK125136409_yafKp6_reverse_245993_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgtcgaaccggactggatcctgatttacaaacttaccgataaacttttacgatttgagAgaactggaactcacgcggcg
>ECK120033681_yafNp_forward_251969_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
ttgcttgacccgcaaatggaaagacaactggtgctgggattatgatgtatactattatgtAtattctggtgtgcattatta
>ECK125136402_yafSp2_forward_234784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcatcattcaaaacccagatgtaattgtcatcaaaggcgggaatactgttaagattcataGattacctctcagtgtgaaac
>ECK125136403_yafTp4_forward_237235_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcttaaatatatttctagagaataaatttatattgattaaatgaatgtatatttcaaAttgattttgtttgttattat
>ECK125136404_yafTp5_forward_237260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaatttatattgattaaatgaatgtatatttcaaattgattttgtttgttattatttaaGtgaggtatataattagagtc
>ECK125136405_yafTp6_forward_237278_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaatgtatatttcaaattgattttgtttgttattatttaagtgaggtatataattagaGtccgttatcaatgctaaata
>ECK125136422_yagEp3_forward_282223_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcactccctcttcccttccgatttacctctccttgttctgcgtcatagtatgatcgttaAataaacgaacgctgttctat
>ECK125136423_yagEp8_forward_282252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctccttgttctgcgtcatagtatgatcgttaaataaacgaacgctgttctataatgtagaAcaaaatgattcagcaaggag
>ECK125136424_yagGp6_forward_285271_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggctttgttgtttttgaaatttattaatttaaacaattagttgagatatatcgttggcGtcacaaaagcaaaataacgt
>ECK125136425_yagGp7_forward_285350_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaattcggaaataagatatgaccattgctggttaattgaatagctcattacactccattAacacgatgttgtaattcggc
>ECK125136428_yagIp1_reverse_289192_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagagggagaacaccggctccatttcattgatttttcatcccgaaaaaggtacgttttcgCcttaattccagcgtggacat
>ECK125136429_yagKp6_reverse_293118_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggctggggctaccttcgtctcaaatttagatgttggataggtattatataatggcattGtgtactcttactacctgtat
>ECK125136430_yagLp7_reverse_294031_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccggttgtttgttggattgatatttaccatgtcaatgaaatggtggttatgctgccaGtgctccgcaaaacagatgtt
>ECK125136431_yagNp3_reverse_295660_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaacaacgttgatatgcgttgattccattaaaaatcaacatattacaaaatatcatcAactattgatcaagatagatt
>ECK120030665_yahAp1_forward_332039_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctatgtgtttatgagggagaggtattttcagttgatctggattgttaaattcatataatgCgcctttgctcatgaatggat
>ECK120030666_yahAp2_forward_331873_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_Strong
tttattgaatgttttaaatattgtttttattggcattgctataatattggttatcatttgCtgaatggattcagtcttaat
>ECK125136460_yahCp5_reverse_335068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgtttctttgacccgataccctttcactcaatcaggttttatttctctatagtctgcAcatgtaagagtagctttcgt
>ECK125136461_yahMp4_forward_345252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagatgttttgtgaatgtgttggttgacattcatatgaaaaaaatcataattccatcAtgtttgtgtggggtcttttc
>ECK125136481_yaiIp6_forward_405708_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcactcctgccgtgaaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcataaacagaactAtgccggaaggcaaaagcgcg
>ECK125136465_yaiOp4_reverse_380957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataaattaggttgttatatcgggcagcgttcacgccttggcgtacaagttattattttgCctgggcgaattatttccccg
>ECK125136470_yaiSp12_reverse_384701_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgaacccacgggtctgaaagcccttgcttttcagttattagcaacatttaacatttataAattaacatctggctgcgcca
>ECK125136472_yaiSp14_reverse_384830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaacatattttttaaatgcaattaattgacaaactaaatcacatctaaatacaatgtataAaacaaaataactatacatac
>ECK125136476_yaiVp4_forward_394461_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaaatatacctggtaatattcttcactccgaagaaatactggtaatttaatctaaataAtgcccgtcaaggatttgacg
>ECK125136477_yaiYp5_reverse_399460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtaattgttaataaatttaacttaaggttgccattttgtgactcacaacgaagattcacGcttcgggaatattcccaaca
>ECK125136478_yaiYp6_reverse_399547_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacaggcagattcatggcagctccgttaacgaaaaacaacatccttgcatattctgcaacAaccgtctgtggtgtagacaa
>ECK125136479_yaiZp6_forward_399444_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggcaagtctgacaggtcatttagattgtcaatatcagaatcatggtaaattgatgttGggaatattcccgaagcgtga
>ECK125136485_yajDp5_forward_430530_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgtaatcaagttcccgttgatgttgaaaatcccggtcagaagatcgggattttttttgAtgtatggagattgcgaaaat
>ECK125203430_yajGp_reverse_454210_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
catgatgaatttacatgccttacccacttcccctcgccgttggcaatgttatgatggcggGaatttttaccaaacacgctt
>ECK125136502_ybaNp6_forward_490873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataagacctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccactctgtaagctgacaAcactcaatatgcaacgaatc
>ECK120034940_ybaOp_forward_468352_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgccgtggtgtttaaaccgcacagaataaattgtcgtgatttcacctttaaaataaaattAaaagagaaaaaaattctctg
>ECK125136510_ybaPp3_reverse_508262_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaatcgagcggttccagatattcatagagAagaatatctccgggtgtcgt
>ECK125136513_ybaQp3_forward_508174_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggtgagggatggcgcaaatggagttggagacttgtttaatgtgtttgtatgattcagtAtgttcttgcatcgctattca
>ECK125136493_ybaVp3_forward_463752_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccagaacaacgcacaaatcgtctttgaagctctgatgagtaacctgcgtaaagaggcgaAaatcaaaattggcgatgcgc
>ECK125136516_ybbLp6_forward_515892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attatacctgattactgaaagagagttcccccttattcctgcgaaggataaactgtttttAgtaaaaatcagaaaaaggga
>ECK125136517_ybbOp4_reverse_519329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaaccattgttaatgcaaatacgtctgcctgcaaactatggtcgccgttataatgaagCctttagcgccatttacccca
>ECK125136523_ybcIp5_reverse_556632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcaggtcacagcgtacaggttgttgcctgatccctttcccggcctgtatcaacaggccGgttctcttttcagacttttg
>ECK125136524_ybcJp3_reverse_556967_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaagttgtgggcgacgtcgtgtttgaagacgcggctaaacgcgcctcatacattacgcctGttcccggcggcgttggcccg
>ECK125136525_ybcJp4_reverse_556891_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgatgacggttgccacgctgattgaaaacacgctacaggcgtgcgttgaatatcatgAtccacaggatgagtaacatg
>ECK125136527_ybcJp7_reverse_557025_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggatcaaagaaggcgcaattgtgattgatgtcggcatcaaccgtctggaaaatggcaaAgttgtgggcgacgtcgtgtt
>ECK125136535_ybcKp5_forward_568810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctttcaagattatggcgtaagaaaattgcaatacgattattgttgtatattcaagataAtgtgaccttaattgtctttt
>ECK125136536_ybcKp7_forward_568751_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatatgagcctcgttttatgctttttgttaatgtctttattttttatgtattcttttgtGctttcaagattatggcgtaa
>ECK125136537_ybcLp2_forward_570847_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggggtacaattgtgattgcttttgcatgaacattgcgcctttatgcataatgagataaAggaatatcaaataaaataac
>ECK125136539_ybcNp5_forward_572319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaagaaggagcaattctatcgattttgattttgggaaatcaacacggcataattatgtcAccggagcctgaacaactccg
>ECK125136544_ybcWp7_forward_579844_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtatgtaaggccaacgtgctcaaaccttcatacagaaagatttgaagtaatattttaAccgctagatgaagagcaagc
>ECK125136557_ybdHp7_reverse_633524_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttattgtacctgacgaagttgcgtgttgaaggcactataacacgatgctagtatttggcAatcaagacgtttagatgtct
>ECK125136547_ybdJp2_reverse_606405_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaacggaagataccttgcgattgctggaaaaaatcgccccttccgcacataaaattggtGcatcgagcgcgattgaggcc
>ECK125136549_ybdJp4_reverse_606223_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatctgggccggtgactaagccgggaattgccttacagaagaatatccctgacaatggtgTtttaacttacatttaacaat
>ECK125095188_ybdNp_reverse_636686_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttattgaccgtctaaatgagagtttttgatatataactacagacagctactataacttTcatctatttattcacagcgc
>ECK125136560_ybdRp6_forward_641922_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacataaccctttctccctgttaatcatgaacaaatcattcgccatgattataatatttAtccctgatatttgtctggtt
>ECK125136568_ybeFp4_reverse_661460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccttgctccgtaactcaccccattgattaacctattgaaatagttgattatggtgagcaAaagcgttccgttccaattag
>ECK125136569_ybeFp5_reverse_661545_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcattactcataatatctgctaatgctttacatctccttcgcgtttgtatattttctttAtcacttgcagaaatgcggtg
>ECK125136571_ybeFp7_reverse_661386_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caattagacataagattattgtaattttttaaatattatttttccatgaataaaattggaGtaagtgcgtggatagtaata
>ECK125136584_ybeQp11_reverse_676700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccatcggagtggaaagtgcaaacaatattttttgcgactccatgtccatataatttatcCttaaatattcattaaatgaa
>ECK125136585_ybeQp12_reverse_676611_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctgacgcgacataatacgcataaaataaggCttacgcaaaaatggaacaca
>ECK125136581_ybeQp5_reverse_676572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataatacgcataaaataaggcttacgcaaaaatggaacacataaaaatataatatgtttTatctgcaaccataaggaaat
>ECK125136582_ybeQp8_reverse_676639_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaatattcattaaatgaatattagccgcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctGacgcgacataatacgcataa
>ECK125136586_ybeRp5_forward_676590_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttccttatggttgcagataaaacatattatatttttAtgtgttccatttttgcgtaa
>ECK125136589_ybeTp8_reverse_679416_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctacttttttattattgatgagtataaacttgacgctttcaaaataaaaagaaaatcgaaGcattcacacatgaataaaaa
>ECK125136613_ybgCp5_forward_774709_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttacgctcccttaacttgccctcattcccaaacctcaatcgcgcgcgtatagtagcaGcgtttaaaagctctaacttt
>ECK125136608_ybgOp3_reverse_749185_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggtcagccagcagggcaaccaactgacactgaaaaatcctaccgcgtattatctgaccAttgcctatctggggagaaat
>ECK125136621_ybgSp5_reverse_785373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattctctgctgcgtttcataacctggctgaaatcttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctGcaaatgcactgttggaagag
>ECK125136622_ybgSp7_reverse_785465_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaattagcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcgcgaaaaacgagatctctcctacaatttctaActgtaactcctttgtttgtt
>ECK125136626_ybhAp10_reverse_798537_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtttgcttcatgaatgctcctttgcatttagcaactgactgtaacagctaaaattagtcGcttttggcggtgaatgctga
>ECK125136625_ybhAp6_reverse_798592_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgattcagattccagacgtgaatttgctggctctcagggctggcgatataaactgtttGcttcatgaatgctcctttgc
>ECK125136632_ybhBp2_reverse_808035_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctggatccggccttttggcaaactgatttacctgatgccgccctatattattctcccgcAacagttgcagcgtctgaccg
>ECK125136628_ybhDp2_reverse_800709_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttttttcataataatgccctcaatttaaaaacataacttattgcgatatggttacattAagggcaaagcatctctaatg
>ECK125136629_ybhDp5_forward_800620_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattcatgcttcattattactccggaaaatggaagcgacgattttgggtggctggccgTtaaaaattttaactgcattt
>ECK125136630_ybhHp7_forward_800694_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcatttagccaacttaaattaatgaaaaaatgttattaatcgttgagctaaagtcattaGagatgctttgcccttaatgt
>ECK125203420_ybhLp_forward_819858_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agtacatacgtttacgctgcgtcgatgcacagcctcatcattttgcagtatccttaagatAttccttatatcttcaggaga
>ECK125136634_ybhMp7_forward_820778_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaagtattttgtatgcgtggttttaaatttattgatggtgaatattaatattttttctaAggataactaaaagaatggaa
>ECK125136643_ybiOp2_reverse_845509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaggcacaccagattcctctcatttaaaatcgcccctcctccagcatctatacttatctTtttgctctattttctcactg
>ECK125136652_ybiUp6_reverse_859106_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtacatcacatcaaatcattaaacttgcattaacttatttataacttatattgtcacAtgcaaatcagaatggtttcg
>ECK125136654_ybiVp5_reverse_860088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgggctaaatcattcacatcatcaatttcatccttactttcattcgaaatataatttgtGctctgcgtcacattgttatt
>ECK120009922_ybjCp_forward_890892_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttaattgctaaaagctataactgttaaacacaatacagtgaaaagttttagactgaaggcTcactttgcagagggaagcgt
>ECK125136659_ybjLp10_reverse_889941_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tataggccaacgcaattcatatagccgttgatacctaatgtgattacactagtaaaatatAttgttactttactatcgttt
>ECK125136661_ybjMp4_forward_889940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttaccagaattcagggcgcagattcattcagcgcacctaaacgatagtaaagtaacaAtatattttactagtgtaatc
>ECK125136662_ybjMp8_forward_889885_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaacttcttgtttactagtaagctgttgaaagaaatggtaatttacgataatgttttttAccagaattcagggcgcagat
>ECK125136664_ybjOp5_forward_897947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacagcggatacgcgacatccagcgtgcaagacgtggctgaagacactaaaatttgccAacctggctacataatgccgc
>ECK125136665_ybjSp3_reverse_906898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtatgccggggctgttttactggttattgatgatccccgcgcatctgtttatttttcgcgGaatggcaaaacaaatcgcca
>ECK125136676_ycaDp6_forward_945839_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgctgggatatcgcgtattttcacccattgacaatgtttttggcggtggcatgatgcgcAtgaaatttgaacttcctcac
>ECK125136690_ycaIp7_forward_964238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaactggaagctgcctcgcagagttttgaacagttttcaccctttcgttaaattcttctGaatatgcctcggggaacgca
>ECK125136681_ycaKp3_forward_949547_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaactcatcgcccgctgcacgaaagctttgattacgggccacggcaaagaaagtggcaaAgtcagacatattcatccgca
>ECK125136683_ycaKp5_forward_949643_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaactcatcctgaatcatcacgtttacaggattatgccgcctgcgtaaagtgcgctcCagaacttaacgtggaggtaa
>ECK125136686_ycaLp6_forward_960255_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagcgtcgcttgtcaatgtaagttgttgatacataatatttatatatgattaatcaacggAtgattcacatgaagaatact
>ECK125136688_ycaLp9_forward_960238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcattttgattaatggtagcgtcgcttgtcaatgtaagttgttgatacataatatttatAtatgattaatcaacggatga
>ECK125136677_ycaMp2_forward_947120_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttttttgtttcttctatctgacttgctttattccaaattttattcgtttaaaaataaaAtgtgcagcaggttataattt
>ECK125136678_ycaMp3_forward_947145_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctttattccaaattttattcgtttaaaaataaaatgtgcagcaggttataattttgcaTttcgctatttccgcacttct
>ECK120030645_ycaRp_forward_970642_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgattgccgcaccggctgggaaatagaccccgtcgcataaatgattatgataagatttatGcattcataacccgatccatc
>ECK125136697_ycbWp4_forward_1005890_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggttgttttatattcatcgctgttgcttatttagacattttgtacttttattgttgagGttattaagcgaagcgacaat
>ECK125136698_ycbWp6_forward_1005850_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattcctctttataagataatcagggctttattttcagccctggttgttttatattcatcGctgttgcttatttagacatt
>ECK125136701_ycbZp4_reverse_1018460_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accgctttcaagattttcaagttgttgatatttcatagcgatctcaatgttaccgtgtaaCtctttacagaatatcagctt
>ECK120029861_yccAp_reverse_1031443_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gtaaagatgggtaaaacttctgggtgcccttacgcattatcattatgctgcttaattaatTacatctgtcatagagagtga
>ECK125136702_yccSp2_reverse_1023994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgcacaatgtatttcaatcattggcattcctgtcggcattgcgaactttaaaattgccGctattgcactatggccggtt
>ECK125136704_yccTp5_reverse_1027797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatatgtctatatgttagtaagtatgattaaagaaaaattttgacacattattattcggGcggtcttttgacaggagcta
>ECK125136706_yccXp4_forward_1030061_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtcattgtccggagttttccatggatttgcaacgcgtccattaaggataaggagagcaGcaatgtcgaaagtctgcata
>ECK125136707_yccXp5_forward_1029980_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaagtaatgatttttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttactttTctgtcgatgcaaagaaatgg
>ECK120035124_ycdTp_forward_1092841_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtttgtgggcggaatttcatattgacaacagtacagttcttatatctattaataatagAaagggatctacaacctacag
>ECK125136733_ycdZp4_forward_1100252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagtgtgatctacgtcactcataactgcaacggataatttgttgttgcataaaatgtgtGctcgatctcattcatggccg
>ECK125136751_yceFp6_forward_1146761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccgcaatgtgtgcgaattattggcaaaaggcaaccacaggctgcctttttctttgacTctatgacgttacaaagttaa
>ECK125136752_yceFp7_reverse_1146628_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttcagtgctgataacaaacatcaacctgcaaaacgaagcgcatagtttaaaatggctAtcatcaatacgctatatctg
>ECK125136747_yceHp4_forward_1126077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtgatttactggcgcgactgggttttgaaaaagaaggctatgcgaaagactatctgttGattgatggacaatggcgcga
>ECK125136743_yceOp8_reverse_1119623_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtacggcgctgcctgcacctatgataattcgcctgacgaagattttattatcgatAccctacccggccacgataat
>ECK125136750_yceQp6_forward_1144380_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgcgcaactcttcctgctgagttgcgttgattaacattcttttcatcgtaacttactcAttattcttacattgacgact
>ECK125136774_ycfDp4_reverse_1188267_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaagatgaataaatatgcccatacttcacgcattacgttaagcatccgttataatcggttGcagataccagcctgtggatg
>ECK125136761_ycfJp3_forward_1167407_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtattaaccgcgttatccgtccgcgtttgaagttgcattaatcgacgtacactggcggAtgtggcataaacgcctcatc
>ECK120029862_ycfSp_reverse_1170417_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttacaaattctttgcacttccctgcactatccgacactgtcaccatccataattcaggctTatctgtttattacaataacc
>ECK125136811_ycgJp5_forward_1226478_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattaaagaacagatacccgttatcttaatatccgccacagaattgctctatcatagaaAccgcagaagacgtctgatac
>ECK125136813_ycgNp3_forward_1228808_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcctgaaagcggcggcaaaacttgcatcgctgtgccagactggttataaggtgcgtttTaacgtaatggcggaacacct
>ECK125136814_ycgNp5_forward_1228750_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgacagtcactttcgatgggcattctttgacaactcgcgttttgtaatactttttgccGcctgaaagcggcggcaaaac
>ECK125136825_ycgVp10_reverse_1256111_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggaataactcgatataaactcacctttgtaagggggatgttaaatatatattaattccTgtgttcctgattttgcccgg
>ECK125136802_ycgXp4_reverse_1213284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttcatgccccctaatttcacctttatcccgccccttagacagaatgttataatctgaAcccacaacagcgtttgtacc
>ECK125136803_ycgXp5_reverse_1213212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttgtaccggagctggtccgttgcaaaatgctcaccgggagaattcagatattccctctAtcacactctgtacatatcac
>ECK120009902_ychFp_reverse_1257882_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttaaagcgcaataagtcgttgtctgcggcatttttgccgagtgccgtgtataataggcaaAgttatttccatttctgcaat
>ECK120033032_ychHp_forward_1258738_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agggttgtaattgtgatcacgcccgcacataacccactgggtgttgtctatactttacacAtaaggaagaggggtattccc
>ECK120022125_ychOp_forward_1273760_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgcgagaaaatacgacaaaagttgccagtaatcgttattctttaaggctatggtttttcaTtattaccggaagttaccgac
>ECK120010693_ychQp_forward_1266899_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catttatcctcgcggggtatcatgacgtcgaaacctgccgtgactatggtgataacgagcGcgtaacgctcggccgctatt
>ECK125122033_yciCp_reverse_1313698_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tgcttttccatacaagacctgatgctgccacccgaggcttaaccagggtacaattgcccgCtaattaacacctgcataaaa
>ECK125122032_yciEp_reverse_1315396_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
agcacagaaagtcgagcattatgagattgccagttacgggacattagcgacgctggctgaAcaattaggttaccgtaaagc
>ECK125136855_yciNp10_reverse_1330689_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgctcttgccaccagcgtggtatatttgtctgcaagccatgcctggcgtagactaatgTccttgtttaaggagtaaata
>ECK125136840_yciUp4_reverse_1307359_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtcgatggcgaactaagtctggttggcacagttaaccttgatatgcgtagtctgtggctAaatttcgagattaccctggc
>ECK125199578_yciWp_reverse_1350132_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgatatttgttatcgccgatccgtctttctccccttcccgccttgcgtcaggataacgaTttcctttacgaccaaggagc
>ECK125136871_ycjMp3_forward_1370185_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcgtgactaaaacccttgtgctcaattgacagtttattttctgcggagtagtctctcgTttcatgggaccgctaccacg
>ECK125136873_ycjWp2_reverse_1383991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggccattgattatcaactgcccgtgttgtcatcgaccggcgaactccataagatgtgcaGcattcacgttcggacggagt
>ECK125136889_ydaEp5_reverse_1418219_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaccagacaccgcatcaacaaagttcatttgtaaaaatggagataattatgattgcacAtcacttcggaactgatgaaa
>ECK125136895_ydaSp4_forward_1420260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcctgctctatcgctcggcctaagtctttaccactaagcattgcttaatattctcctatGcgcattacattaggcaatcc
>ECK125136896_ydaSp6_forward_1420343_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccttactgcattaggcacagcctattgacaattgcgttaggcgtcgcctaatatttctGtgtgtttttggagttcattc
>ECK125136912_ydbCp1_forward_1474188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagtaatcttgtttacaccttcgcattatttatctcttttcgtttctatactgatttTtcttaatccgttttattaca
>ECK125136911_ydbHp9_forward_1442900_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcataagactttctccagtgatgttgaatcacatttaagctactaaaaatattttacaaaAtttcaaatttaattgaaagc
>ECK125136918_ydcFp3_forward_1487202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggttaaggacatacgatttcctcctttcagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacGcagtattcttaagggaacga
>ECK125136927_ydcIp4_reverse_1495117_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctgtaacataattgctttaattgttaataatattttgcaatcaagttatcataatcaAacaacttcacttgtcagcga
>ECK125136928_ydcJp10_forward_1495133_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgatgttaaaaacgaagcggtgtcgctgacaagtgaagttgtttgattatgataacttGattgcaaaatattattaaca
>ECK125136935_ydcLp1_forward_1502369_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgacttagcccctttttcggcattgactatgtcgtctgaaaaggggctgaaaaatttaTtttcaccaacactttttttg
>ECK125136936_ydcLp4_forward_1502345_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagcccctttttcggcattgactatgtcgTctgaaaaggggctgaaaaat
>ECK125136937_ydcLp5_forward_1502446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgccacaacacgaagcggcgctttttgctataacttagaaagtaatataatcatctcaGgaaactattcatgcgtacca
>ECK125136941_ydcPp2_forward_1506754_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccgcgcagttaagcgggaaaactatttcgcaacgtcgcgcttgtggctaaaatagccGccatttttcagctactggat
>ECK125136942_ydcSp7_forward_1511515_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatagcagtcatatttcctaactccttgactatactccagaagataaccttacagacggcAtaatgcgcggtagctcacaa
>ECK125136943_ydcSp9_forward_1511453_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcaagaacggctgtaatagcgtttaatttaattcctcttagattgggtaatatgaatttCgaatagcagtcatatttcct
>ECK125136948_ydcXp7_forward_1517236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcccctatgtgtatagtacggGttaagaaaatccgcaataat
>ECK125136950_ydcYp3_forward_1517610_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcactgttttaaatcttactcactggcttgacggcaccacgcagacttatatcatttggAtgaatcgataaatttcacaa
>ECK125136960_yddJp5_reverse_1544825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcctgacttatcttccatctatcaaaagtttaagactggacaataataaaataacccAcattgatactaataatacat
>ECK125136961_yddJp6_reverse_1544851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatcttccatctatcaaaagtttAagactggacaataataaaat
>ECK125136968_yddWp6_reverse_1568852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctccctttttcgtgcttgctgtcgtattgacttaacggggataagtacgagaatgagcGcacatctgtttaccggaaac
>ECK125136984_ydeEp1_forward_1621304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataagtcgctatacttcggatttttgccatgctatttctttacatctctaaaacaaaacAtaacgaaacgcactgccgga
>ECK125136985_ydeEp4_forward_1621264_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgattcgttagtcgccggttacgacggcattaatgcgcaaataagtcgctatacttcggAtttttgccatgctatttctt
>ECK125136987_ydeIp5_reverse_1624559_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttgacagctagttggctgattttaaatgccttataacaattggcaatattcttatttGgcaattataaaaatagcaac
>ECK125095187_ydeJp_forward_1624688_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttaactcactaaagttaagaagattgaaaagtcttaaacatattttcagaataatcggAtttatatgtttgaaaattat
>ECK125136974_ydeNp_reverse_1582554_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Strong
atctctttatgtgactaacttcacttacatccacttatttctcttcgtaaaattactttgGaattaagtacaataagaaga
>ECK125136973_ydeNp3_reverse_1582729_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataacctgttgcatgattatttatgatctcaattctgcattttgtcagtaaaatgcaatAatttattaaatatcaataaa
>ECK120033717_ydePp_reverse_1586664_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcgcacaattgaagccagagtcttattttttatattgaaaaatatgttaatttaaacactAtgagagatgatgcttaactt
>ECK125137002_ydfAp8_forward_1648436_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgttagctatagcatacaaaatcacttgaccgatatgttagtcatggctaatcttgtttGcatcaacacaccgcacggtg
>ECK125137017_ydgCp3_reverse_1682062_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgctgtttttacttactatcaatcgtttctaaacaagttttcatcaggtattctactgAtgacttgttatggaagtgtt
>ECK125137022_ydgJp6_reverse_1704399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcgatatttagcttttgtcgttggaaaattcgctatttttttgacttaagttaaacaAcatcccttattgctggcagg
>ECK125137036_ydhCp5_forward_1739849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaccacatagtctgcctgcaaaatttttgaaaccagtcatcaaatattaccgtttcacAacactaatttcactccctac
>ECK125137037_ydhCp6_forward_1739878_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaaccagtcatcaaatattaccgtttcacaacactaatttcactccctacactttgcgGcggtgtttaattgagagatt
>ECK125137032_ydhFp3_reverse_1725655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcagacgaaccggagcaaccatcactcttttgaacctaatcttgcgtatactcctctcAtatctgataagaggaagcga
>ECK125137033_ydhLp3_reverse_1725932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcaagcaaagttgctactttggacattaacagcttcaataatggtaataatcttatctGaggagggcgaagtggcggag
>ECK125095200_ydhOp_forward_1734357_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atttttttgcgctcgccaacgaaacgtattttttaacaataaaagctattaactttctctTcttctatgcattagaatcat
>ECK125137045_ydhZp5_reverse_1755167_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgttatttgtctgattttgtttgatttttgtttaattggttagattgatatatgctgataGttggcatgataaataggtat
>ECK125137060_ydiEp5_forward_1789603_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactgcttgctctggtcagccataatattgataataagaatcattgttatatcaattattAttaatttttatgcgttatac
>ECK125137053_ydiHp3_reverse_1765147_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtgtgacgcatattgcttttggtcattatctgcacagtaaacggtggtatactgtgcaGgtcttgtctaaaagcgagga
>ECK125137056_ydiNp6_forward_1772409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggaaaatcgcgatcaaaaacaaactatgacatgcaatattcctggaaacataaactttatGccatgtacccagggaaaatc
>ECK125137065_ydiYp11_reverse_1806250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaatatgatttattggagctttatttaaaattttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaAtctgttttcgccacatgctt
>ECK125137066_ydiYp12_reverse_1806170_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattcaaaaaatgaaataagaatacattgctaagttattcgcgcctttttataattcgttAcctttccagggacgctaatc
>ECK125137086_ydjEp6_reverse_1854041_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtaatttaagcacacgttgtcaatattatttgttcctgcgccttgaaataaaatgatgAtaaagatgcggcaagtgaat
>ECK125137088_ydjFp7_reverse_1854886_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatctgtgattcaaacaggttattttgaaagtaaacatcggttatgcgataatcgcgctAatgtgatgtaaaaagataca
>ECK120015516_ydjMp_forward_1810170_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gattaatcgtcaatttaagagaaagagttacaccgtcaccacttccgtgcactgtataaaAatcctatactgtacgtatcg
>ECK125137073_ydjOp10_reverse_1813255_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctattgctataaataagtgatcttttttctttaattgtttatttattttaaaatggttaAgttttgctaatcatgatgag
>ECK125137071_ydjOp7_reverse_1813188_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaatcatgatgagctatttttgatagttcatcctgtggcgtcgctcttaaacttatattGtaaatgacttagatttaaat
>ECK125137072_ydjOp9_reverse_1813153_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggcgtcgctcttaaacttatattgtaaatgacttagatttaaatgagataataattttGttaacaatatgaggcgggag
>ECK125095204_yeaEp_reverse_1865724_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
cgatggtggataaatcctggactggcctgatttctaccgggatcacctacaaattctgatAatgcatctttccagggcatt
>ECK125137091_yeaIp5_forward_1870364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catacattagcttacaatcgctttaaatatgacagcataacctttacataatttagttccAgaaaacaatcattcggaaaa
>ECK125137093_yeaJp6_forward_1871937_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agccatgctttttgcgtggcttttgcatacaatttattactattacccctaaatttccccTccccagcggcgcagagatga
>ECK125137095_yeaMp6_reverse_1875598_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacaaacgaggctgtaccttaccgtttttattgttatgttgaatcaagctaaaatgacaaAttatcgctaagttcggacaa
>ECK125137098_yeaOp3_forward_1876822_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactggtctgtaccacttatgggtgttgccatactttcactactgatggcgattttcggaCtttgcgccgggagagacaaa
>ECK125137101_yeaPp3_forward_1877666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcactcaaaacatattacgtcttgtttcatctttgttgatgatgttttatcatgcctGcaaagattaaataatcagca
>ECK120033252_yeaRp_reverse_1879994_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gctaaaaagtaaccaataaatggtatttaaaatgcaaattatcaggcgtaccctgaaacgGctggaataaaccgttttcag
>ECK120015435_yebBp1_forward_1946110_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
atgaagaaaacttgcgaggtgtctcgatgaactgaaaaatggcacagtataatttattctAcaggttatattggaagcaaa
>ECK120015431_yebCp_reverse_1948185_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcggcgctcactaagtcctggagcaaccggcaggcgattgaacagtttgtaattaacgctGcctgaacaggcagggctatc
>ECK120029864_yebEp_reverse_1929732_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgcgcatcttttgtctcgatatacattttctgacatcctcatccgctatgctacaggcacTaaaaatggttattgaggagc
>ECK120035103_yebGp_reverse_1930765_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtctttattgctgatgttgatttctcaaccgaaaagaaatatactgtataaaatcacagtTattatgagaggctgcaaatg
>ECK125137139_yebKp2_forward_1936590_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaataacaacttttttatctgcttttgtcattaacacggcacacaggcgtaatatctgacAaaactgcatttcgatttctt
>ECK125137121_yebQp4_forward_1910157_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttatcacctcattgcgagtgttttataaaaatcagaactgttttttattataatttcGcaccagggtggtcgcaatcc
>ECK125137124_yebSp5_forward_1916119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aactggtttctcccgccatcagcgcgttaaagtcgcgatttaaatccgcgtaaaattctgTtttgttcattatataatcac
>ECK125137125_yebSp6_forward_1916181_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttcattatataatcacttggttgtcttacctggatctgccagcctattaaaataagcAttaaatgcgttaatgctcaa
>ECK125137129_yebVp6_forward_1921725_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcacaaaaaaagcgcactttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactaggctgaaaaAtggtgcgatcggactggtcg
>ECK125137131_yebWp6_forward_1922084_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaacccgtcggcatggcgggttatttgtcctggttattcccccgttgtaaaatctctccTaaacttaacggtacggcacc
>ECK125137148_yecDp7_forward_1950760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatcagactctacgccagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacAaaatttgtcgttccgccatc
>ECK125137149_yecDp8_forward_1950636_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtcgcagcgttagctgtatgtcacaactgaatgaaaaaaggcggctattatactggaaAttctgccgcaccgtaagagc
>ECK125137165_yecHp3_reverse_1989564_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacggctgcttcgtcaaaccgacgttacatatggtgtaaatataaatgtacaataaaaaGcattcagtcctgcgctggcg
>ECK125137151_yecMp2_reverse_1959984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgaagcgagcaaaaattgcccgcaccagttaaagaaattagggcgggagtatactgcaaAtggctgttttcgtcagcaac
>ECK125137152_yecMp3_reverse_1959872_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatcagaagcggcgtgaaatcagcggttggttggcacagggcaacagggtaaattaacgCttttactgaaagacgaagag
>ECK125137154_yecTp3_forward_1961931_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatggacatgccattgttttctcactgttggataagaggccagaagcgtaatatccggCcccagggaaacgataacggt
>ECK125137172_yedDp5_reverse_2008261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagaatttaatcaaccaggcgtgtttgaattgctgccatgacatgaatgtagcctctgaActcagaaggtttgaaacaag
>ECK125137177_yedIp2_reverse_2029461_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaaggtggttcatagtaaacgtgaaaatcattctgctggcgagagatataattgcaCttgattgttaaaaaaatgtt
>ECK125137178_yedIp3_reverse_2029370_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaagtatcagagctgccgtttttgcttcatacttacacccttcaacaataaaaatgagaGggaatgcttttggccgggag
>ECK125137180_yedJp4_reverse_2033223_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgatgcccccgtgtcgggatttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaGgggcactggtcggattttta
>ECK125137182_yedXp_forward_2038840_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcctgggtcctttgattatcttcaataagtagaatcttcatgaaaataatatgccatAaatcatatgttatagaaaca
>ECK125137191_yeeNp4_forward_2056792_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attatggctttagaatatttttatttctaatagacgagatttttcctgttatgatataatAtgctgaattaacacatgtta
>ECK125137192_yeeNp7_forward_2056754_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgccaacaatataagtttttataaaattaaatataagattatggctttagaatatttttAtttctaatagacgagatttt
>ECK125137195_yeeOp7_reverse_2059722_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttgccgtttctatcaacagtttgttgcatttgcagacaatttgttggcgaaaatctttGcagctttgctgattctccct
>ECK125137200_yeeXp4_reverse_2079417_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgatagtgaaaagggataaaagcattgtcatctgcggcagctatgagtaatgttggcccTaacgaatagcggttgcttaa
>ECK125137203_yeeZp5_reverse_2089211_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctggtatacgcggttaccgacgattcactgctcattgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgAacagattcattcatagaatg
>ECK120035130_yefMp_reverse_2089733_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ccttgatctacaaactaattaataaatagttaattaacgctcatcattgtacaatgaactGtacaaaagaggagattgaca
>ECK125137224_yegDp2_forward_2147644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgctgcgctttgctttcatattccggttgtcgcgacggcaacatttcgctaaagtcacgCcccttcttcaccggcatggg
>ECK125137225_yegIp7_reverse_2151077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttaatcattatcaggccgaaattgaattgtatcctgataaaattgcattatcattttTattcttgagtgggttttccc
>ECK125137226_yegIp8_reverse_2150999_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccccatatagaaataattttaatggttagttgttattattcattgaaatataatataactAcccgcgaaatattatgaaaa
>ECK125137228_yegJp7_forward_2151016_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgatgtaaatacttttatatttgttttcataatatttcgcgggtagttatattatatttcAatgaataataacaactaacc
>ECK125137230_yegQp1_forward_2165591_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgggcgtgggttgttggcgtccggcgctttaccagagccccccacagcgctacaatgcccGcccttaaagtgggggcactc
>ECK120048892_yegRp_reverse_2168349_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttgtacagaacatttattataatcctattcaattataataatcatgccattattatatttAaacactagagagtgtcgttg
>ECK125137233_yegSp6_forward_2168543_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattgaagatgccactgtttagttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcgGtggcagccgttagtattcgc
>ECK125137234_yegSp7_forward_2168565_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcggtggcagccgttagtattcgctGtccccattgcaagctcctgg
>ECK125137240_yehAp6_reverse_2188472_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accgccatcggttaatgtggcaattgataagcaacaaggactttcatgcacaatcaccttCggtaaagagattgatgaaag
>ECK125137242_yehEp7_reverse_2192880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattgatcatacaggcaatgcttcattatcatccttcGtggctgtgtagtggatgtac
>ECK125137246_yehKp1_forward_2203784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctgggtgagtaccggctggtccttaagttttcacccggttttaaccactacaatgttgAtagcaaagcgctaatgagct
>ECK125137247_yehLp3_forward_2204402_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggattataaatctcattatcttaattgcaacggggtccagccgtggttataattcgttcGttggaacacgatgttgcaca
>ECK125137266_yeiEp6_reverse_2249656_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccctctcctttaaccgggcataaggttacgactaactggtttaaaaataaaattgattAtatatttataattaatcttt
>ECK125137267_yeiEp7_reverse_2249638_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcataaggttacgactaactggtttaaaaataaaattgattatatatttataattaatcTttataagtggtaagcgacta
>ECK125137277_yeiQp6_forward_2266214_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tcatcgcattaacaatccagaccaatttcaattgctgtcatataactttacactgtcgttGttaattaatcgttactaaga
>ECK120034266_yeiTp_forward_2233989_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atcttttcacagtttaaattcccccgcacgcttagccttaatatcagtacattattatttActaaacgctcgccttaatta
>ECK125137274_yeiWp6_reverse_2265420_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccttttttaatttcgttcgctcttggcatcgaaaaattcctgtagtcgaaaatgtcaaAaatatcgcgacaaagtactc
>ECK120030649_yejAp_forward_2272312_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gctaaagaaaccgtatacgccgcagtggtaaggtgtgcttacgtcccttattattcatagTgaaagcatgccggattgcgg
>ECK125137302_yfaEp1_forward_2348341_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaataaagacattctctgccagtacgttgaatacatcaccaatatccgtatgcaggcaGtcggtttggatctgccgttc
>ECK125137300_yfaLp7_reverse_2344284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atataactgatatccctgaaggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcAaataataacaaaatagccat
>ECK125137301_yfaLp8_reverse_2344207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccattgcaccgggttgaacaatttacaaaagaaagatattccatatcgtataatgcgattAaatacgccgtcttatagaaa
>ECK125137306_yfaZp4_reverse_2364372_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagtgtgtttattttttcggcatttaattatttaagaagtatttagttacaataagtgActagatcctttttttcgctc
>ECK125137307_yfaZp5_reverse_2364317_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtgactagatcctttttttcgctcattgaatcctctgtgccaggcagtacaatcccgcAgctttgggaattttgattaa
>ECK125137318_yfbKp3_reverse_2385784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggttgcgttgttgaatcattatttgctatgggtttcgatattgtattttattaagattaGcaggattatacaaagagtat
>ECK125137324_yfbLp10_forward_2385805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggcaccagacataaaatatactctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatAtcgaaacccatagcaaataa
>ECK125137321_yfbLp5_forward_2385750_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataagcaacatgattatatttttatttcgcatataaaatccttttaaataaactcaggcAccagacataaaatatactct
>ECK125137323_yfbLp9_forward_2385769_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttatttcgcatataaaatccttttaaataaactcaggcaccagacataaaatatactCtttgtataatcctgctaatc
>ECK125137326_yfbNp8_reverse_2388554_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattcatcaaacgaatgacattgtttgaattcattagcagataaatagtgacaattccatAcgtattattagtttcaagag
>ECK125137328_yfbOp5_forward_2388458_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttacgaatttcacttaaccattccatgtcaaacccctttaaatatttatgatattaaAtataacaacgtctggataac
>ECK125137329_yfbOp6_forward_2388539_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacccggcctgactgaatatctcacgttttcctgcttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttGaaactaataatacgtatgga
>ECK125137335_yfbRp4_forward_2408835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaatcttaatttcactgccggagattgcatccggcagcgttatcccgccacaatgacctGatgatgtcatcatacgtaag
>ECK125137341_yfcJp2_reverse_2440241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
acctgatggttccctttttcacatcattgacaatcgccgccagttccaggcaaacttcccGctttgtcgatttccttctga
>ECK125137342_yfcLp5_reverse_2444251_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatggcattccggaacgtccggcacgcttcattaaagcactacaaaattattatcacacGccggaacttacggcggaaca
>ECK125137345_yfcVp6_reverse_2455821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatctttcccctatcaatatattaattaaatctacatttactcattagtaaaattaaattGaatcaggggagtgaaaacat
>ECK125137346_yfcVp7_reverse_2455668_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgtattgcaatgtttatattttaattAtttatagtttaaggacaaat
>ECK125137350_yfdFp7_forward_2462984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taggttctaaataaatgagcgttttttgatagtctatttcattaggtaatatatatttgtAacaaatcaatcaaaatggaa
>ECK125137356_yfdPp6_forward_2473536_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagattttgatgcgtcagattttgacgggtcagagtctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctGcctgaagcttcgcaacgtta
>ECK120033723_yfdXp_reverse_2494433_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ttcaaaatgaccgttgctctctgatttctcatttcatgctcacccaatatgatggcggcgTtttctaaaactgttaaagaa
>ECK125137362_yfdYp5_reverse_2495333_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttcattgatgcttagcaaaaattgccagaggttaaggattgtcttactattaaagtgActgaagttacaggtttttta
>ECK125137367_yfeAp5_reverse_2517869_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatcggcaacaggctggccccctgtttgcttcgcgatgcgaataaacttattatttgtGtgcctgaaaaccccgatcag
>ECK125137372_yfeCp3_forward_2518384_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaaatcaggcaaatgaacaattttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagtagttattcatgtcAcggtttcctgtaaagtggtg
>ECK125137365_yfeOp1_forward_2509453_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcccacatcaccgactaatgcatactttgtcattcttcaactgctccgctaaagtcaaaAtaattctttctcacactgta
>ECK125137380_yfeXp3_reverse_2550554_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaaaacacgtaaaatagcgctcaacaatgccacggattgcgtggcattattattttcaGgaggaacaatgtctcaggtt
>ECK125137385_yffOp7_forward_2561993_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaaatcataagaattgctagagatttggaagcgccagttgacgctccgttagattgctaAcgccaaaattagcgctgaat
>ECK125137389_yffSp4_forward_2564400_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggtaggtagagtatttgaaaaacgtaattgattgcgaatagcaacaactaaacaaccaAtacacccggcccctcgccgg
>ECK125137396_yfgGp5_forward_2629252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgacgcttttttacataacgaagaattgaccattttgtcctgttgtgccttaatgtaagtAccgtccacagcgtgggacat
>ECK125137397_yfgGp6_forward_2629186_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcattattacatcatcattgtaaataattaaattaacttccataacattaaaatatgtAtccactgacgcttttttaca
>ECK125137399_yfgHp10_forward_2629672_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtttggctgcgaaataaatataaaattaatatatatgttgtaatgatatatttttatAaattattccctgcgtgaatt
>ECK125137419_yfhHp5_forward_2698707_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggctaactggaatttttaattcatggcaattagcggcaatggaatataaaattcactcGcgtgtgtctcatattgcctg
>ECK125137423_yfiCp3_reverse_2712805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgttacggctgcaatcttcatctgtttgtatggatatcgcttctcgggtattgttctcAcccggtgctatcgccgtttt
>ECK125137425_yfiEp7_reverse_2715344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtagacagtacccgacacggaacatttaaaaaaatgaatgtttttatattctagattcGatattttcgataggtttggg
>ECK125137434_yfiLp10_forward_2741355_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgtatagataaatttacactccctttgaaaacaatccgctatgctttgaaaaaggagaAagaaatgatgaaaaagttta
>ECK125137433_yfiLp9_forward_2741315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttacacaggcaatttagtcgcgctttcaacccttacctctgtatagataaatttacaCtccctttgaaaacaatccgc
>ECK125137428_yfiMp2_forward_2724033_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcactatcgcgatctgcaaagtattgccgattatccggtgaaggttcgtaaactcatccGccgtttgcgccgtatccgca
>ECK125203421_yfiRp_forward_2741824_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cattgtgttttatttctcacattgatgacggtcgcatgaaaaaatgatattttaatgagcAttctgaaaaaatatcgatgc
>ECK125137436_yfiRp5_forward_2741762_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccagcacaatacgattaaattaattaaaaccccacaaataaattaaacataagattttaCtcattgtgttttatttctca
>ECK125137446_yfjHp2_reverse_2758663_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagatggtggcccgtgccatacctgttttttggataaccgctggtaaccgtagtattctaAcggccgatcgattgttcatt
>ECK125137448_yfjIp3_forward_2758978_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccattaatagcggaatagccatatttgctaaacaatttcttaatttaattaaataagagGcattgcatgttcaatggtcg
>ECK125137450_yfjIp9_forward_2758855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgtcggatggattgaggccgagattgatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttGagggtgttacatgaattcat
>ECK125137452_yfjJp6_forward_2760507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccagttcggataaaagcttgtcatcttgataggtaatatataggtacatagacacatcaGaacgatcacttactccaata
>ECK125137453_yfjMp3_reverse_2765985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagcccttgaccctggcataggaccaattgattggattgaatagtttttattttcaatgAattgtctggattcagtctcg
>ECK125137455_yfjPp6_forward_2767644_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaagattctgcaatctatgtgcattgaaaaaatcttcagatagatatcattctcctgaAcaatccgatgaacggcagaa
>ECK125137457_yfjWp5_forward_2773285_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgtatcgagtaatgaaattggttgctagaaagtcgatgatttgttgcgtatgattaaaaAtcaaccttaaaggctttata
>ECK125137465_ygaZp8_forward_2809595_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaagaagcccatcagtctgataaggttaagatattcattcagtctatttataatattaAcaatcgttaagcgtacactc
>ECK125137475_ygbEp3_reverse_2873392_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagtaacaaatttggtacagcaattattagatctgttgagacagaacgatattatcagaTcctgagacaccaccgggttt
>ECK125137468_ygbIp5_reverse_2861441_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgacagtgctgctcccattcccattgaccctaagccaacgataccgacatgaaactcagaTcccgttttcatctgctctcc
>ECK125137469_ygbIp6_reverse_2861362_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccttgttaatttaagtgatattttgtttgatattgtgaatataagcgctggaagataacgGtatggtgatctgattcacat
>ECK125137485_ygcGp6_forward_2905666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaaaattatatttattttttctgtattagtttttaatgataacgaatataaaattaccgAtgccgccgtcaatttattta
>ECK125137492_ygdDp2_reverse_2941721_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtaaaaatgctttttatctggtttgtcatgacagtcaggcagaactgggtaaaatagccGcctttcgccaatggatcctg
>ECK125137502_ygdQp3_forward_2970392_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcattttctgatccagtagccatcgctttgacctgccgctttccgggcatataattaccGcttcatttttttggcagggc
>ECK125137524_ygeHp10_forward_2991879_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctcttatgttttcttaaatcagcatcttaaaacagttaagagcatactataaatcattAtttttcaatgcgttagagaa
>ECK125137525_ygeIp6_forward_2993581_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaacagagataaaaatatctaagatattcaccttattgcaagatatttaaaatgctctAgagttaaaagtatgatgtaa
>ECK125137527_ygeIp8_forward_2993603_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagatattcaccttattgcaagatatttaaaatgctctagagttaaaagtatgatgtaaaGaccattggcctggacaatta
>ECK125160781_ygfBp_reverse_3055473_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgatgagaagagacaagcccttttctggtccaccagggcccaaagtggtagcatatcatgAatattcctccctttgacgac
>ECK125137550_yggIp3_forward_3089659_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaaacacgtttcgctggaacatattgaacgtaatctgatgaaaggtcgtaaactgcgcgAaataggcgctcacgattaat
>ECK125137551_yggIp4_forward_3089752_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctcccatcgcggaggaagccacctcttgcagtcatcttttcttcgctctatcctctgccGctatgaaaacatcccgtctc
>ECK125137560_yggLp2_reverse_3102250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ggaaccttatgcggaacatatgcttgaagtgatgtcttctattgacggttataaaaacctGtcagagagcaatgattacgt
>ECK125137558_yggMp3_reverse_3099593_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttcacttcagactcacgtccattgccaattttaattaccctaatgataatcaccggaAtaaattattccgcgtgaggt
>ECK125137589_yghAp5_forward_3149483_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagcagccagcgagaagcatacattgcattttcaagaaaacgttccatacattcctgtcGtgtagttaaaacgggcaaca
>ECK125137564_yghDp2_reverse_3111211_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttcacctccagctacgggccgcgaactttgccagtttcgacaaactgcgtagtgtactgGcaaccgattatgttgtgcaa
>ECK125137568_yghJp5_reverse_3119259_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatgttgttaattttttgtttgttgaaatttcgtaaaaatagccagatagacatcgtAtaggggttattcttataaat
>ECK125137569_yghJp6_reverse_3119320_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatctgttgcttttgcaatcttaatcgttaaaactaccaacaaatttatatagttacgttGtgaaatgttgttaatttttt
>ECK125137575_yghQp6_reverse_3132449_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacagaaggcggtttctctggttgccatcgtttctgaccgccgaagtttaacttaaggctGgcgggatactttttactatc
>ECK125137582_yghTp10_forward_3134016_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgaaaaacccggcagtaaataatgtattgaatattacgtggtccgtgctcagaatatccGttcaaccttattgtgacaat
>ECK125137583_yghTp11_forward_3133982_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtggaattaattattgacatattacgttgattcacgaaaaacccggcagtaaataatgtAttgaatattacgtggtccgt
>ECK125137580_yghTp7_forward_3134084_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttattgtgacaatggttaattgtgacattgacctgaattacgctttcataaaaacatattAaccaaataaatatttttaat
>ECK125137585_yghWp6_reverse_3146753_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatagcgtgcgcaaaagtcgttctttgcctaaaatatcgctatatatgacaatatataGcgaatgaggtgaacgatgaa
>ECK125137613_ygiLp4_forward_3185311_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtataattgcaatgtattttttaagttttacttaatcgatatttagataaactaattttAtaaaaaacacaaaataaaat
>ECK125137614_ygiLp5_forward_3185342_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaatcgatatttagataaactaattttataaaaaacacaaaataaaatatcatatttcAatgattagtagtccttaaat
>ECK125137609_ygiNp2_forward_3173078_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgacatttatcgctaatgacgtgataaaaatgcctgatgttccccgctatactgaagaAtatcgcaagcatcttgtgga
>ECK125137593_ygiQp5_reverse_3161182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaggagggcgagtatggaatacctttcgatttctctttcgttccggcttataatccccgGcctttgattatttttttatc
>ECK125137597_ygiSp4_reverse_3167731_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgataagtttgagcgaacaatgccacaggcgtattgttgttgggcttataatttctccGgtaaggaataccatgtatac
>ECK125137600_ygiVp2_reverse_3169287_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtcgataaagactggaattctgttgaaattgacgtcaaacagatccgcaaagtaaatccGtaattgttaccgctcccggg
>ECK125137605_ygiZp3_reverse_3172253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttttggggattgaaaatatggctttgaataagtaaaagatgaaagtatcaacgtgtcAtgttgataattataaatgga
>ECK125137629_ygjHp3_reverse_3221255_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttagcctacaggattgagaaaaacttttgctatagtttagtaaaattttaccctaagggAggaagcaatggaaaccgtgg
>ECK125137637_ygjQp5_forward_3236513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaaatctgaaaatgatgtcaggcgttatcttttctttctttagcgcctaaaatcgaccTcccccctttcgttaaggata
>ECK125137642_ygjVp4_reverse_3241819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgtaacgacttccgcgaactggcgatcttcaaaagcggcgtaacgctataaagtcgaaAtgagttgttaataaaaaacg
>ECK125137664_yhaBp3_forward_3267816_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgccgggtaaatgagcgttttttgatagtgcgaaagaaccctgcgaggaaaataagcAtctattattgtttgtcatga
>ECK125137648_yhaHp8_forward_3252263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
actttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattcacgtctattcttaatttGctgctttaaaaacaagtgat
>ECK125137650_yhaIp10_forward_3252761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggcttttatcattatgttgatgaatgaataatttactaatgtttatttaaaatatttcAatgtcgttatataaattacc
>ECK125137651_yhaIp11_forward_3252783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaatgaataatttactaatgtttatttaaaatatttcaatgtcgttatataaattacctAtaaaaaataaccatgtattt
>ECK125137653_yhaJp4_reverse_3254280_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcagttcgggtagtaatcataattcttgacctctctttacttccttttatggtaagggGctggacgctacattgttagc
>ECK125137680_yhbQp2_forward_3299939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgccagccaacggctgatggcgatgagtgtttccattgctgttctcttttatactgtggGcctgaccttaacatgcgacg
>ECK125137682_yhbUp5_forward_3301437_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatacaactttaactgccttaaatcaaaaattgtcgcagcaaggttaactaaaatcccaGttcgttaacatttttgcgtt
>ECK125137686_yhbXp6_reverse_3321651_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttcgttctgatatggatcagagttgaaaaacatgtctgatataaaattaaacattgttGataattgtttatattggttg
>ECK125137699_yhcAp9_forward_3362094_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcatcgcaaacagtgcataacatatattaacaatatgtttctgcgttatttatcattattAcaggagttttaatttaaatg
>ECK125137696_yhcCp6_forward_3354218_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatcaaaattaccgaaatttcatgcataatcacataaatcacttttgcttatcttgtgtCagatttttttatctcctgat
>ECK125137697_yhcCp8_forward_3354235_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcatgcataatcacataaatcacttttgcttatcttgtgtcagatttttttatctccTgatggattttaggcaaaaac
>ECK125137702_yhcFp4_forward_3366843_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcaaaatggtcaagaagtggtaattgatagcggtaaaagcgttagcctcacactgacaAtggctccagcttttaaggat
>ECK125137710_yhcNp5_forward_3385406_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaactagaattaacgataaataaccgtatttttaattcttttttgttattaaaattcacAtttttaacacttagtatcaa
>ECK125137711_yhcNp6_forward_3385481_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatcaactgaaacagttagcgcggtattaattagctcaataattagtgtatacttgatttTgtgatatgggtcacgaaaca
>ECK125137726_yhdHp6_forward_3403446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tctcgcaatttattgcgcttcatcggctttgcttttccattagcgagtatagtcttcagaAattattttccaatccatcat
>ECK120016965_yhdTp_forward_3407351_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gattttccggccttttttattactggggatcgacaacccccataaggtacaatccccgctTtcttcacccatcagggacaa
>ECK120010574_yhfAp_reverse_3485951_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcacggtaatgtgacgtcctttgcatacatgcagtacatcaatgtattactgtagcatccTgactgttttagcatagcttt
>ECK125137749_yhfLp4_forward_3499438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgagcagtctgcttatattcatataatcaatgaatattaattaatatataatacataGggaatgtaaatgaacaaatt
>ECK125137750_yhfLp5_forward_3499311_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcagcaaataaaacatagccccttaataaatattatctgctaatgggttatattcaccGttacagcgacttacaaaatt
>ECK125137751_yhfLp7_forward_3499413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caattaaatattcctgtatcgttcttaacgagcagtctgcttatattcatataatcaatgAatattaattaatatataata
>ECK125137768_yhgEp6_reverse_3532588_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgtggaaaatgttctcaaaaggttaaatcttggtttatatggcgggaatattgtgagtgGaatcgcattcctgaatgaaa
>ECK125137769_yhgEp7_reverse_3532485_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtatcgattcaccacgctaactttttttgattattttctgaaaaaagcaaaatactactGcccggatgcgataattaacc
>ECK125137770_yhgEp9_reverse_3532538_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgtgagtggaatcgcattcctgaatgaaattgatgcaaattcaaccggtaaagtatcgAttcaccacgctaactttttt
>ECK125137787_yhhAp4_forward_3586919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagcctggtatataactctgaattaatcatcgttttgtcgggaagcgagtaaacttaaagGatatcttcagaggaggatac
>ECK125137814_yhhIp6_forward_3624173_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatactcgggcaaatataaatttgcaaaaaatgcgaagataatgtttttaatattttgaAcaatatggcattgaatgata
>ECK125137798_yhhMp4_reverse_3605634_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtttagtggcgagggtggacggatgacaacaccataactggcagggtatgcttatttcCgcattttccgatgagggata
>ECK125137799_yhhNp4_forward_3605575_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcagctttttcccgtcgctgttgcataaaacgaaacgatgcggcgacgacaattaagccAatgataacaataaagaaaag
>ECK125137800_yhhNp6_forward_3605698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagcataccctgccagttatggtgttgtcatccgtccaccctcgccactaaactggaaGcaagaccgtaggcattccgc
>ECK125137802_yhhQp5_forward_3609119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttaacgattgcgtgaaaattaaccattgcattgtcaacgtaaagcagtatcatgcggcGgctcgaaaaaagggtaagca
>ECK120015393_yhhYp_forward_3581111_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
caacactttttgcaaaaaaatgcatttgactcgcatttgaaagtcaatgatgttgaaaggGacatttaccccaaagaggac
>ECK125137783_yhhZp5_forward_3581758_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcccaatacatatattgagatttaactcataattacttcctaaagtgtaatattttaTtttttaatatatacgcctac
>ECK125137784_yhhZp7_forward_3581841_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcctggagtaaataaataacaattaacaagcataatattgccattgataaaatagcatGccataaaaggacttttcagg
>ECK125137824_yhiDp8_reverse_3656039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggtggcgataccgttactttaaatgaaaccgatctcactcaaattcctaaagtgatcgAatactgtaagaaaaacccgc
>ECK125137816_yhiJp6_reverse_3632595_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggtgtatgtcataagataaaatgttaactatgtattcctcgcggtaaataatatgaggtAaaatatgaaaattggaactg
>ECK125137817_yhiMp9_forward_3634783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accccgctatagttatgctatgcatttgtctttaatgatatctcgtcattatattaacagGatgaaattatcattaatgca
>ECK125137820_yhiNp6_reverse_3637500_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttttgatttgccccctgtatggatttcactcaaaaaataattatcttatataattcagGcaaatacttccttttagtaa
>ECK120030787_yhjAp_reverse_3669261_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcatgtaattgattgattcctatcaaaaagcgtatctccctgttttttatgatggctttgTctcgcagagacgtttgcagc
>ECK125137825_yhjBp4_reverse_3672045_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaatataaggaaatcctcaaaattgttttaaatagtgccctcgacatgtaatttcaggcGtttagctgtaactatttata
>ECK125137826_yhjDp5_forward_3673330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatgcagtggctggctggcgtaatgaaagagtacctggactgaccgactatactttttaAgaatgaccacgacagaagga
>ECK125137827_yhjEp8_forward_3674637_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagttggtaacttttatttaacctgaaaccagttttatccactatttataaaattatgtGaagcatttcatagaagaaaa
>ECK125137828_yhjEp9_forward_3674757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaccatttccgcgatttgttacacattgaaatatcacttttgctgtgcgtaatatggctAttcgttagccaaaaaataag
>ECK125137829_yhjKp2_reverse_3685648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gactggtaagttttcagatagcgcctctcttaatgccgctgcgatcgggtatactcgggcGgcaatctgggatttccgggg
>ECK125145772_yhjXp_reverse_3712043_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatggcatttcatgccgtttttccccaggcataaagtgcacttcgttatggttgtcggcaGagatttttcctttttattac
>ECK125137838_yhjXp5_reverse_3712060_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatttcattccgttctgatggcatttcatgccgtttttccccaggcataaagtgcacttCgttatggttgtcggcagaga
>ECK125137840_yhjYp9_reverse_3712983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgacgcatcggtgaaaaagtcaatatttaatacagggctactatgcccgatatccttcatAcaatgacaataatattgccg
>ECK125137853_yiaBp5_reverse_3727767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatttgttaatggcatttttcagttttgtctttcgttggttactcgtaatgtatcgctGgtagatatggagatcgttat
>ECK125137854_yiaBp6_reverse_3727827_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattcacatctatatatctcagtaattaattaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaAtcatttgttaatggcatttt
>ECK125137845_yiaDp3_forward_3716479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtattgagcagttaaatattacttacaaatttccgagtattcccaggaataatcttcatGttcacgcggcataatctccc
>ECK120010706_yiaJp_reverse_3742618_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aaacttgatttcaaatatatcgatcactttttaacaaggcaatctgattgatgaatttcaAaagacataaaaatcaattgg
>ECK125137857_yiaTp3_reverse_3751962_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcccggtacttaagttgtaattttgtcatcgcaacagcccaattatatataattttatAtattactatataaatatgaa
>ECK125137858_yiaTp4_reverse_3751875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accggagaaattgtaagcattattatgccgactcttttttatcttattttaaaatggaatAccggacatgttaattaatcg
>ECK125137860_yiaTp8_reverse_3751905_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatatattactatataaatatgaatcttgcaccggagaaattgtaagcattattatgccgActcttttttatcttatttta
>ECK125137863_yiaUp11_forward_3751896_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaataacgccacaatattgcgattaattaacatgtccggtattccattttaaaataagatAaaaaagagtcggcataataa
>ECK125137862_yiaUp9_forward_3751975_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatgcttacaatttctccggtgcaagattcatatttatatagtaatatataaaattatatAtaattgggctgttgcgatga
>ECK125137864_yiaYp4_reverse_3757880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atacaatgtgctttttattagattaattttgataatcaataatactgatcatattttcgaAtgaaaatcctcagtaagctg
>ECK125137865_yiaYp6_reverse_3757928_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatacaaaattcttatgaatttaaaaaaagcacattgtttaatgaatacaatgtgctTtttattagattaattttgat
>ECK125137877_yibBp8_reverse_3793729_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgatgtatgataaataacggaagcatttgaatggataatatacagtatacattctattaAtatttatgatataattcttt
>ECK120033027_yibDp1_reverse_3790149_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ctgctctcattatctctctaccctgaagtgactctctcacctgtaaaaataatatctcacAggcttaatagtttcttaata
>ECK125137871_yibLp6_forward_3776597_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaattgcgcagtttttgagcatgttaatgattacgttacagaactattacaatgtcattAgttgtgaacaaagcacctgg
>ECK125203417_yibNp_reverse_3785195_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acaacctcatactcaagagtcaaaatttgcgtaattttactacagctgaatcgataaaatAgcctctgaagatcaaaatat
>ECK125137875_yibNp7_reverse_3785056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattgcattccagttaacgcgctggctgtatttgccgcaccgcgcaggtatactcctttCctggtttttttaatcactac
>ECK125137869_yibTp5_reverse_3776420_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaggattcagcacgttttccttaatgtcatctttaccgggaacctaaactaaaattggcgGccgcgcattcccggcgcggg
>ECK125137896_yicOp10_reverse_3843921_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttaatagaattattcatatttttctcattttgattttatcaatttgattattatttatcAtaaagaaacgtcgcgagatt
>ECK125137901_yidEp6_reverse_3866390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgccattctggtggggctttttttgtcttacttactcaacaatgcgttaaatttcgactGtttaagatatttcggcacgt
>ECK125137902_yidRp2_reverse_3869412_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagcgcgatcacctgcattttgcctgctaactttcgtgccaacgccgatcctgccggGccgaggccaataatcgccac
>ECK125137906_yieHp6_forward_3896762_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacttatacggcaacgattgcgttgcgcaaatcggctctacgaaaacgttaaactgattaAaaaggaaaggcatgtcccgg
>ECK125137909_yieKp3_reverse_3899399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgtctggcgaccagcctatgcagcctttgtacagaaattatttaaataaaataaggcAttaagatgaaattaatcatt
>ECK125137919_yifBp8_reverse_3950027_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccagaacaactcaacttcacttgcacaaataaacaggaatcagccactaaaattcacgAattagcgggctacagcagcg
>ECK120048896_yifLp_forward_3994492_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acttcataaagagtcgctaaacgcttgcttttacgtcttctcctgcgatgatagaaagcaGaaagcgatgaactttacagg
>ECK125137922_yigFp4_reverse_4002875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatcacaatgatagccgaagattttgcctgttcaggcaatggttcgatgatttttttgAtttgttatttttccactttc
>ECK125137923_yigFp5_reverse_4002842_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggcaatggttcgatgatttttttgatttgttatttttccactttcagtatgctaatgCttgcacctactgattcatca
>ECK125137944_yihFp6_forward_4044131_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatattcacgggctttttttattatttaataaatataaatacattctgataatgcatccTgccgctggacattatttcag
>ECK125109810_yihIp_forward_4051308_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaggcgacagagtaatctgtcgccttttttctttgcttgctttctgttagattccgccgcAaatctatactgaataaaacg
>ECK125137950_yihLp4_forward_4060419_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tatctgcaaagtcatacgccgttaattgctttcttttttggcgtaagcgtaagatgcttcAtctggtttaaaccaaaagga
>ECK125137956_yihQp6_reverse_4069433_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatcattgaagaacatttcaCtcgctaaaggcaacattatg
>ECK125137957_yihQp8_reverse_4069363_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaacattatgtatcttcaatttattaagttaaaaacagctcagcttctgtaaagtttttAtatatcagttttatgagaat
>ECK125137958_yihVp3_forward_4073661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgtcatttatgacatgctttgcttgtctgtttttgatcgtatttgtaatttatcgtcAaaaaattgacagccgtcact
>ECK125137959_yihVp4_forward_4073712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatcgtcaaaaaattgacagccgtcactttttaaacaattggtgaaattaaaatgaacGcatcccaaaatgtttaagga
>ECK125137961_yiiEp5_forward_4079180_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgataactaaaccatttttgagtaataaatgaaacaactgcaacactcttattatttctgGaaaacgcctcgcaaaaacaa
>ECK125137962_yiiEp7_forward_4079096_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtttttcggctacaccattcagattatgcaaataaatatctctgaatataatatattcAtagcacccataattcatcct
>ECK125137963_yiiFp7_forward_4079597_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacagatgcccttattctggtattaatacaaggctgttttacttgaacttataataactGcaactgttacatcatatctg
>ECK125137964_yiiFp8_forward_4079562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggaatgacaaaaatttttcattcttgaatataaaaaacagatgcccttattctggtattAatacaaggctgttttacttg
>ECK125137966_yiiGp7_forward_4086886_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catccgcagcgtttgagcaattaattaaaataagtcctgcgaaatatattaaattgcaggActtattcatttcgtgaattt
>ECK125137969_yiiMp4_forward_4102784_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctattgagttcctgcctggatacttaccgcgaaaacagcacgcctgacataaaataaatAtggtctaatggggaaatttc
>ECK125137970_yiiMp5_forward_4102753_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagccggatgaactaacgttcgtccggtttgctattgagttcctgcctggatacttaccGcgaaaacagcacgcctgaca
>ECK125137974_yiiQp4_reverse_4112312_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaatcacggcgtccaatacgccctttaaatgagaataaccattgctgtatggtcatgtAagttccttgatggttgtctt
>ECK125137978_yijFp5_reverse_4137864_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaactcccggcttgtccgggagtttgaacgcaaaattgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaGgcctacgcaatctctgcaat
>ECK125137984_yijPp9_reverse_4150311_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatatatttctgtctgcattttattcaaattctgaatataccttcagatatccttaaggAattgtcgttacattcggcga
>ECK120010063_yjaBp_reverse_4214156_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaatttgccaatgtcgagcctgcatgttgaaggtgagaaagtttcaaggaaaagactacGttagaatataagaatgacta
>ECK120029972_yjbEp1_forward_4235858_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
catcgctaattccccgcgccgtaattcgcatgctttagttgtgtatactcgatcccgcccGaaatgtttttgggtaaatct
>ECK125138001_yjbLp5_forward_4260159_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttgtaggtaaggtgttatgttgccttgtcgtaccattatcaacacgataataattaAtaattcatttttaaataaat
>ECK125138004_yjcDp5_forward_4278466_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacgtttcgctggcaggggattgtccgccacgcatcttgacgaaaattaaactctcagGggatgttttcttatgtctac
>ECK125138005_yjcDp6_forward_4278318_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagagaaaaaagcagcaaacttcggttgaaaaagccgctatgatcgccggataatcgtttGctttttttaccacccgtttt
>ECK125138009_yjcFp6_reverse_4283106_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcattaaaaaatgagcgatttttgacagtcgtagaaaatgataatgcagagaatatgccTtttctttcttgttaattata
>ECK125138013_yjcOp2_reverse_4297151_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttctacagcctcctttcggaggctgtttttttatccattcgaactctttatactggttActccctacccaatcgtatta
>ECK125138024_yjdKp3_forward_4352390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgggagtatgatgatattcgcagttgatgggagagtacagagtcacgatatttttcattCtctccgcgatgtgatgcagg
>ECK125138025_yjdLp1_reverse_4356462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggctgatggccgctataccgttaaggtattgaaagaagaaagcaaaaaataattagctcGtacaagggaagtggcttgcc
>ECK125138026_yjdLp2_reverse_4356413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattagctcgtacaagggaagtggcttgccacttcccttttttgctcataaggagaacAcatgaaaacaccctcacagc
>ECK125138027_yjdLp3_reverse_4356517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatcggcgctcactatccgggctttgaaaccgatattcacggtgcataccgtcaggctGatggccgctataccgttaag
>ECK125138021_yjdMp5_reverse_4326836_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagattattttctttttgcgtttcctttcaaatgaaaacgatcgtcgtctaaaatcagcaGtacccccgacaaactcaggg
>ECK120010774_yjeFp1_forward_4393677_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttcagctaacgggcgctcgagaataggcgcagaatcgacaaacggtctaaaattcagcgAaacacaatgttgctgaatca
>ECK120010775_yjeFp2_forward_4393937_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cgagcgcgcagcataccgtgacgtgccatccagtccatttcgccgtggtattgtttgtccAgccatgcttgcagtttgggc
>ECK120010776_yjeFp3_forward_4394035_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggtatcggtaatacctacctgctgaaagcccagttccagcccccactgtttaattttttgCgctaactgattgagatcgag
>ECK125138029_yjeJp6_reverse_4374403_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaactgggaagtttaatctttgcccgttgcataacctttaattattcatatgcattgctGttgttactttttatatagct
>ECK120049216_yjeVp_forward_4392736_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatatccacagcgacgcgatgcgttattgctggtttttgttgtctctgacaaactcttgtAaacagagttatccacagcct
>ECK125138040_yjfYp2_reverse_4424828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatggtcaccatcaacttctttatcattgattaaaattaaatcagaagatcatcacagAggagagcacacaaagtcagc
>ECK125138042_yjfZp8_reverse_4427517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttatatccataatgagcgatttttgatattaatatctttcaccatccgctattttcaccActtcagaaaacaaacttatt
>ECK125138055_yjgAp8_reverse_4458015_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgcctgaggccaactccagcgcagtggaaactgcttcTtccagaatcttgcgctgcgc
>ECK125138069_yjgBp5_reverse_4496266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctaagtgctgaaattttcagcattgcatacagcgatgtgtaacctttgtcacactccagGcaccccgccctgccatgctc
>ECK125138061_yjgLp2_forward_4475401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttacggcgagtttgtgaaaagagcgttttttgatatttttttgtgagtaaaatttgtaAtgcttagacgttcttattca
>ECK125138062_yjgMp10_reverse_4479671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaattccctgaattaaaaaatccattgatataacttatatatacagacagtaaaatGttctgccacgttacaatact
>ECK125138063_yjgNp3_forward_4479686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttgccagcctattactgataagagtattgtaacgtggcagaacattttactgtctgtAtatataagttatatcaatgg
>ECK125138064_yjgNp6_forward_4479566_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacaggtgattgcggcgcaatgttattcatagtttaacccaataaaaataaagtaattAtacatttgtttaataccact
>ECK125138065_yjgNp7_forward_4479664_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcgacttataaagtaataaagtttttgccagcctattactgataagagtattgtaacgtGgcagaacattttactgtctg
>ECK125138068_yjgRp3_reverse_4490085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaggttattttctcttcattacacgtattctctttgccggacgttgcctatactccagGcaggaaactggaggatatct
>ECK125138076_yjhBp4_forward_4504005_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacaatcaatagtactggcgtatttgaagacaatataattatttctggatattgttgaGgctccctaatatttacttta
>ECK125138088_yjhGp3_reverse_4524140_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagacatattgcttaccaccgattcttgaagcatctgaagaagcaaaagataaagtccacGtgctgcttaccgcgcagggc
>ECK125138087_yjhUp9_reverse_4520401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaatggtatgctggtttatttcatgtaaaagaataaaatatctgtataaaatcatgccActggcaatctgcatcaactc
>ECK125138094_yjiKp6_reverse_4563635_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacattacggggtttctccgcgttaaggattcattaaggtcgctacgtatacttctcgAtatcttattgatttgcctta
>ECK125138099_yjiSp3_forward_4571705_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctgttttaacctgtctgtatgttaaataaaagtaatatttgaatctgtattgtgaactGccagaaggtggatgatgaag
>ECK125138113_yjjAp8_reverse_4600210_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccgtagccgggtaacaggtaaagagtattaatccccgtttctggcggtatactgcgacAcaattccaccttgagtaatg
>ECK125138119_yjjJp2_forward_4621657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtaattgtgtttcgctgcaaggcgattgccttgtgaagccggagcgggagactgctccGgctttttagtatctattcat
>ECK125138120_yjjJp4_forward_4621716_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggctttttagtatctattcatttttctctccagcttgaatattttcgctatacttttcaGtgaaatgtgttaataaatct
>ECK125138106_yjjLp5_reverse_4594737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgccgttaatgtcaaccttgcgtaatgcacaattacgtaaacaattaaaattataaAtacaggagtccggcgtggaa
>ECK120034380_yjjQp_forward_4603319_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gatattttaaatgtctccaggctatttcaccaggttatcatttgatgctaaccttctgacAcatgcagtggagttgttgtg
>ECK125138124_yjjXp5_reverse_4633773_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcgtttcaccgtggcggactaggtatacctgtaacatgctttttttccgtatactgctgtAacgttaattttctgagtaat
>ECK125138126_yjjYp6_forward_4640358_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtctgcatgtttgctacctaaattgccaactaaatcgaaacaggaagtacaaaagtcccTgacctgcctgatgcatgctg
>ECK125138127_yjtDp6_forward_4640898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggctttttctgcgacttacgttaagaatttgtaaattcgcaccgcgtaataagttgacaGtgatcacccggttcgcggtt
>ECK125136448_ykgBp10_reverse_318334_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggaaagtcacatcgatgcgaattgataataattcaaccgcaacagcagtattgtataaAtaaggatgttcacaatggaa
>ECK125136445_ykgBp4_reverse_318397_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatcaccgacagttctggaggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcAtcctggaaagtcacatcgat
>ECK125136446_ykgBp7_reverse_318484_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaacactattatctggcgttatggcattttccaccaatgcagatgataaaataattctGaaacatatcagcgtctcgtc
>ECK125136447_ykgBp9_reverse_318525_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgatggtattttatatgtttaaaaaatctgttttatttgcaacactattatctggcGttatggcattttccaccaat
>ECK125136450_ykgCp4_reverse_320170_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccatatcagactcctgagtggtttttgattacaaacaccaacaatcttagtaaataactaAtctaataccatcaaatagtt
>ECK125136452_ykgDp2_forward_320193_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacaaaaatcatgattaactatttgatggtattagattagttatttactaagattgttgGtgtttgtaatcaaaaaccac
>ECK125136453_ykgDp3_forward_320116_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaaataacatttcttcacaacgcttgatattttgtcttatcgtctgatattttcttttTcttaatcagaatcacaaaac
>ECK125136454_ykgEp7_forward_321511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgacgtttggatgaaagattatcatttgtcatacaaatgaggggtggtatgttgctaGccaattaaaaaagaacgcca
>ECK125136455_ykgEp8_forward_321484_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgaaagaaataaaattagttattgcatttgacgtttggatgaaagattatcatttgtcAtacaaatgaggggtggtatg
>ECK120034388_ykgMp_reverse_312805_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccacaaagagtcacagggattgagtgttgaaatgatccggatgagcatgtatctttatggTtatgttataacataacaggt
>ECK125095433_ykgRp_reverse_313285_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctattcaaatttgtgatacatgtcaaaaaattggttgaccaaactcgttatttatataagGgcacttacgaagtgcactct
>ECK125136657_yliEp6_forward_872969_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaagccgcagcaagggacaatttttgcagcggcacagcgttcagatagttattttgttaaAtgtattaacatgctgagttt
>ECK125136719_ymcEp3_forward_1051830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgggcgctaagtgtattttttgtaaatcgacgatgatcacctttgataacgtcgcgctGcaaatacgcactgaccatgc
>ECK125136735_ymdAp5_forward_1105225_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccattgctttgacgaagttgagtttaaatatttccccggacgatcgggtgaaaatagttGttactgtttctgatggacag
>ECK125136736_ymdAp7_forward_1105330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgccctcttcagaaaagtcttaatttgttgaaatatcgagcataagatgaatctggagaGaatggtctgctgcgaatcag
>ECK125136738_ymdBp3_forward_1105714_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagcctcagtaaaagtgcagtatcttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcGaatataactaagtttctgaa
>ECK125136778_ymfDp5_reverse_1197625_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgctgtctttattcttttttgtaattttatcattctcagtgagtggtattatctttGctttgacagttaagcccaga
>ECK125136779_ymfDp6_reverse_1197589_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctcagtgagtggtattatctttgctttgacagttaagcccagaactgaaagtcaagtcGgaaaaatcccggacgataaa
>ECK125136780_ymfDp7_reverse_1197661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgcaaacaaatggatatttttcatgttgaaggttctttgctgtctttattcttttttGtaattttatcattctcagtg
>ECK125136788_ymfJp10_reverse_1202184_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cctgcttcggcaggtttttttatacttgacaatgtacctttgagatacataatgtacccaAgagaaacaacaaacaggcag
>ECK125136785_ymfJp6_reverse_1202213_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatcaaagcctaatcaatgtttatgaacctgcttcggcaggtttttttatacttgacaAtgtacctttgagatacataa
>ECK125136808_ymgFp10_forward_1218953_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctaattagctcgttgcctcttgttactattgttcattattttgtttgctataattgtttGaaagttttgacaggattgcc
>ECK125203422_ymiAp_forward_1335090_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
actggagacgattcgtaaattcgctggatttttgactaaagtttctttaggatttgtctcAtcgtatgattaattacacca
>ECK125136858_ymiAp7_forward_1335056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatctatttcaggtcaaaagattgaattattcactggagacgattcgtaaattcgctgGatttttgactaaagtttctt
>ECK125136903_ynaKp10_forward_1425219_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgtgcatagctatgattcttggtcgccttgaaatttatcctgttattatattgttttcaGgttttttttggcgctcctaa
>ECK125136900_ynaKp4_forward_1425313_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tataattgtgagtttaatattatgttgactcactcattgatccaatacctaactttaccaGcaacacctccgtccccagta
>ECK125136901_ynaKp6_forward_1425249_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatttatcctgttattatattgttttcaggttttttttggcgctcctaatatatggctGatttataattgtgagtttaa
>ECK125136914_ynbAp5_forward_1477471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgggaacaagcgatgagaaaacttgatgagttgtattgatccacaacgtaatgttttttAactatctgattaattgggga
>ECK125136946_yncLp4_reverse_1517246_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaaaaatcatcaaacagcaacttgcccttatccatcttcagaatgagtattattgcggAttttcttaacccgtactata
>ECK125136977_yneEp7_reverse_1609140_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgggtttcttatttcaccatattagttacaacatcctatatgcctttatcattaacaGgtgccacatgcagcgcctgc
>ECK125136980_yneJp5_forward_1614780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgagtcatggtatgaagatacgcagatttactcttgctttaaaatgaataatattaagccActtattcacgaatcgagaat
>ECK125136982_yneKp5_forward_1615731_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggatatcaatgagctatttttgatagttcttgcggttaatatgctctatatagtgatGttccgatgacttatgactat
>ECK125108720_yneMp_forward_1622588_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gaacacaataaagatttaattcagccttcgtttaggttacctctgctaatatctttctcaTtgagatgaaaattaaggtaa
>ECK125137004_ynfAp5_reverse_1655690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacgtaccaggagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactatacatgatGtcaataagagacaaagatga
>ECK120010974_ynfEp_forward_1658003_[FP|S|Footprinting],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcatacccttctattgatatggattaataattcttaacccaaaatgggtagactccctctAttgttagcgcgctaaatatt
>ECK125137008_ynfKp5_reverse_1667240_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggccaggaaagcataacttagactttcaaggttaattattttcctggtttatatttgtgaAgcataacggtggagttagtg
>ECK125137009_ynfKp6_reverse_1667335_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaagacgcgatgtataacggttctttgttgattcgtctgttgcagggttaacattttttAactgttctaccaaaatttgc
>ECK125137010_ynfLp6_reverse_1669652_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtagtacggctcacttgaaatccttgctaaatatgcctgtagatcaggcttatacataggGtaggaaaatcgaattgttct
>ECK125137011_ynfMp4_forward_1669630_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatgacgaagttcaatattcatatttaaaacatcttatttgagattattaatatattagAcagaacaattcgattttcct
>ECK125136994_ynfNp5_reverse_1638197_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaatgaaggctccttcgggagcttttttgcttggtgtctattcgatggatactcacatActacggtaacatcatgaaaa
>ECK125136995_ynfNp6_reverse_1638299_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttcggggcaaaatgtatcttttgtaaatcaatgatgattacatttgataatatttcacAatacttaaatgccagccgtc
>ECK125137068_yniAp5_forward_1807775_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttttacaccgcattcttgcgctaaccttatgatctggcAgacaacatgggagagacatc
>ECK125137082_ynjIp4_reverse_1844902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatatccagcggatcaagaaaattcgttggatattttttttgcatggataaaattatcGcctctaaagtatgtaataac
>ECK125137108_yoaBp4_forward_1893359_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgacggcgacctcacattgtggcagtctttgcagcacgaaaatggaagtataatgaggAcaaaatgatgactatcgttc
>ECK125137110_yoaCp6_reverse_1894100_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagggctttatctattacagcaggcatattcttatccttaaaattaaccatgttatcgaTaaggctatatatgaccttaa
>ECK120034389_yoaEp_reverse_1901772_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ttcgtttgcaaaggaaggtaaatctttgccaaatcagaggcgtctctgatatgtttaactCccgtttaacaaccatggagt
>ECK125137100_yoaFp10_reverse_1877722_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accagactttccagtgactgttctttggcaagggattgcgagacgcgggcgataatctgaTctgacacggaacaactccag
>ECK125137135_yobBp5_forward_1925364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtcacgtttaccttacgagcccaaacttaaataaaacttatacagagttacactttcttAcataacgcctgctaaattat
>ECK125095434_yobFp1_reverse_1907793_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atgtaataacttctcccactggcctggaacaactgaacttattgaactatgttagaaaatAcgccagtttaagtatctgcc
>ECK125137117_yobHp4_forward_1908900_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattcgtgctttttcggaatgagtcgcttgcttcagcgcatattgccgctacgattaagcGaacataaaaagagaagaggt
>ECK125137175_yodCp6_reverse_2028504_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtagtggcgatgatattaccgactgttttaaatctgattcttggatttatcatcggcgGcatcgtggtgctgggagtga
>ECK125137258_yohJp4_forward_2230493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggattaaaggtctgcaaagagggattgctgcaaactgcaatccctctctatgcttgatGtatgcctgagttcgctgcgc
>ECK125137250_yohOp6_forward_2215586_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctccgcccaacagcagcaactcaccagttggcaagaacaaggccatgatattttcccaCtcggcatttaatgattcgtt
>ECK120048893_yojIp_reverse_2308641_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaaagaataaaaataagaattattattgctgtgcgcgcgaagatgtttaaactgcgggcTgtaattcattgtccgggttt
>ECK125137390_ypfGp3_reverse_2582893_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagacggtgttattgcttaactatttgcaaacgtcacatttaatggactgaaaaataacaAtaatatttcgttgtttatta
>ECK125137442_ypjDp5_forward_2747930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgtctttgttgttatgcaacggttggagcagcgttcacctgacgctatactgcttcTctttcttattgctcaaactg
>ECK125137489_yqcAp5_reverse_2923050_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacctggatgcaggcgttatcacaatttggctggcgcggtctgcttcctgaaaatgaaagGgttgagttcagtgcgccatc
>ECK125137483_yqcEp6_forward_2900472_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtgtgatattcgtattgtcaaataattttaaaaagcagaagcgtgattactctcacacAacacctctgctttccatgtt
>ECK125137535_yqeCp7_reverse_3015167_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcattttccattgccccattcttgatgataatccggcagcggtaattatacagtcgatgGctgacatagtggttccatta
>ECK125137514_yqeHp4_forward_2987513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaattacaaaatcatggtgtattgacatcatcaataaccaatgaaattatgcaattatAtacggatagggaggttctta
>ECK125137517_yqeIp5_forward_2988436_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaatataaaattaatatatatttatgccGtaaataccaatatacttagc
>ECK125137522_yqeKp11_reverse_2990368_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttagtattgatggaaggtgattattgaacagtaacatcgagtcacggtaaaaatgtgaGgtatacaatggacattgaat
>ECK125137544_yqfAp9_reverse_3043256_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaaattgaactcacgcctgttagttgaaatttcgcatttaatttcatgatttttaggaGattagtctcaaatcagaatt
>ECK125137588_yqhAp8_reverse_3149498_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttaacgtatatgttgatttgctgttgcgtgctgtttactcaattgcgatatactgttgCccgttttaactacacgacag
>ECK125109861_yqhDp_forward_3155302_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggcaagacattggcagaaatgagcattgagagccagggcgctggcgatcacaatgaaaaaCatcaggcagatcgttctctg
>ECK125137615_yqiJp7_forward_3192054_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagtattccccaatcagtgtagtgcctttaaacataacgtgcgtaaatatattgtccccGatcacactttttagtgaaaa
>ECK120029867_yqjAp1_forward_3247548_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaagtgtcagcctgtgtaaatcctctcgccaccctcccctgcattcagcaaaatcagacTccacggacatgtaattttga
>ECK125137643_yqjFp2_forward_3250466_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccctcaaattttttgaagatttttgacagttttccttgctaacaatcatcattcaccAcgtttatgattctctccatc
>ECK125137646_yqjGp2_forward_3250974_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgtatagcatcgaccgcctgctgaataaaaagtggtaagcacgcgctatacttaacgAtaaaaaacgaggaggaagct
>ECK125134706_yqjHp_reverse_3216538_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tagacatatcagttctacaaatcgcttgcatttatcatgattaacaatcattatcatttgCgagttttatttagatatatc
>ECK125137671_yraHp10_forward_3287362_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatcttaaagttcagtctatttaatgttcaatgaaatatttctgcctgtataatctttaAagatgttgaacatatattca
>ECK125137672_yraHp11_forward_3287278_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcaaagtcaggcatttatactcttttgaatacatagaaaattgatatcaatataatgaaaAtatcaaatatttgcatataa
>ECK125137666_yraHp5_forward_3287405_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtataatctttaaagatgttgaacatatattcacattaaatatgattatgtacttGttacaaggataaggttatat
>ECK125137676_yraQp3_reverse_3298174_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaattacgcaaaagagctgaataattattcccaagaattgatagtgagcgtaatattcacGcgctcaattatcataactta
>ECK125137679_yraRp6_reverse_3298923_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttactcatgcttcctccgcgttgttgcattggatgaggcgaatttcccacaatcggggAtaattacctcatggtctatt
>ECK120030204_yrbGp_forward_3340211_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cgtggttagcgaaagctggcatttgttttactttttagccgcataaagtcaaaattaagcAtccgttacggctttctgaaa
>ECK120051397_yrbNp_reverse_3308086_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
cggttgccaacaacgttcataactttgttgagcaccgatacgcattgttggaattatcgcTcctgggccaggaccaagatg
>ECK125137763_yrfFp10_forward_3526425_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagccaaccgcagaatcatgtattgtgtccgGtgcgactgaccacgcctgac
>ECK125137764_yrfFp11_forward_3526319_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaatcaaattaaaagtcaataggttgaaataactccaggaatttgctgatattccgccTtcagagggtttgctatgatc
>ECK125137785_yrhBp7_forward_3584734_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacacaggaataataatataacaCtcaacaataatatttattat
>ECK125138043_ytfFp5_reverse_4433148_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgttagccgaaagcgtaagccatctttttaatgttaataactagttaattaaagtggcaTcctcccgcatcctctctgat
>ECK125138045_ytfHp5_forward_4434082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgggaagtctccatcgttttgtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttactttTagtaagtacgtacaaaaagg
>ECK125138049_ytfIp10_forward_4437671_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agttacattttaataatgagcgttttttgatagtttacttctatagtgagatatttaatgGcgacataaagtaaccaaata
>ECK125138048_ytfIp9_forward_4437702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttacttctatagtgagatatttaatggcgacataaagtaaccaaataaaataaggttGtcatatgttacccaggatca
>ECK125138051_ytfLp3_reverse_4441321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcagctgtctgaattttaaccctctggcggctttacagtaccttacgctatactagccActgaaaatgccggttcactt
>ECK125137546_zapAp3_forward_3055551_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgggccctggtggaccagaaaagggcttgtctcttctcatcagggtagctatagtgtcgCcccttcgcagaccatgggtc
>ECK120015956_zinTp_forward_2041346_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgctctcgtttcctaagagttgttgcattttgctatatgttacaatataacattacacatCatatacattaactctggagg
>ECK125137378_zipAp9_reverse_2531407_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accataatcaggatgagctccttttgaccaatcccaggaaaattctgcgtattttaccggGtaattgcgcaatggacagtt
>ECK125136617_zitBp1_reverse_784848_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggagtctctcccttttaatttttcacttctaaaagcagtatgatgtcataaagttaagtGagaataattaagggatgact
>ECK120010036_zntAp_forward_3606422_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
ctcgctgtatctctgataaaacttgactctggagtcgactccagagtgtatccttcggttAatgagaaaaaacttaaccgg
>ECK125137741_zntRp2_reverse_3439168_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaagctgcgacaagctggattgagtaccgattttttacgcggcgattatgctgacaaGttgttggacaaaatcaacga
>ECK120010035_znuCp_forward_1942634_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tatgtaacataatgcgaccaataatcgtaatgaatatgagaagtgtgatattataacattTcatgactactgcaagactaa
>ECK125137999_zurp6_reverse_4260141_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatagcgagttaacttgaagcaatttatttaaaaatgaattattaattattatcgtgttgAtaatggtacgacaaggcaac
>ECK120010259_zwfp_reverse_1936376_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tcgcacgggtggataagcgtttacagttttcgcaagctcgtaaaagcagtacagtgcaccGtaagaaaattacaagtatac

